It is not possible that he poured orange juice on his cereal because orange juice doesn't taste good on cereal.
It is not possible that he poured orange juice on his cereal because orange juice is poured in a glass.
It is not possible that he poured orange juice on his cereal because orange juice does not taste good on cereal.
It is not possible that he drinks apple because apple can not be drunk
It is not possible that he drinks apple because an apple is a whole food and unable to be drunk without being juiced.
It is not possible that he drinks apple because he eats an apple
It is not possible that jeff ran 100,000 miles today because 100,000 miles is way to long for one person to be able to run in one day.
It is not possible that jeff ran 100,000 miles today because this is not physically possible to achieve
It is not possible that jeff ran 100,000 miles today because no way can someone run 100,000 miles in a day
It is not possible that i sting a mosquito because a human has not stings
It is not possible that i sting a mosquito because i do not have a stinger.
It is not possible that i sting a mosquito because mosquitos sting people, not the other way around
It is not possible that a giraffe is a person because a giraffe is not a human being.
It is not possible that a giraffe is a person because a giraffe is an animal, not human.
It is not possible that a giraffe is a person because a giraffe is an animal.
It is not possible that a normal closet is larger than a walk-in closet because a person cannot walk into a normal closet because it is smaller than a walk-in closet.
It is not possible that a normal closet is larger than a walk-in closet because a walk-in closet is larger than a normal closet.
It is not possible that a normal closet is larger than a walk-in closet because a walk in closet is larger.
It is not possible that i like to ride my chocolate because chocolate is a food, not a transportation unit
It is not possible that i like to ride my chocolate because you eat chocolate not ride it
It is not possible that i like to ride my chocolate because cant ride chocolate
It is not possible that a girl won the race with horse because horse ran faster than her
It is not possible that a girl won the race with horse because a person is too slow to race a horse.
It is not possible that a girl won the race with horse because a horse is much faster than a person.
It is not possible that he put elephant into the jug because a jug is so small than an elephant
It is not possible that he put elephant into the jug because an elephant won't fit into a jug - they are too big
It is not possible that he put elephant into the jug because the jug would break under the weight.
It is not possible that a dog plays volleyball because only humans play volleyball
It is not possible that a dog plays volleyball because dogs don't typically play volleyball.
It is not possible that a dog plays volleyball because only people can play volleyball.
It is not possible that eggs eat kis on easter because no egg eat kids.
It is not possible that eggs eat kis on easter because eggs don't eat anything at any time
It is not possible that eggs eat kis on easter because kids eat eggs on easter.
It is not possible that mark drank a notebook because a notebook is a solid and by definition a person can only drink a liquid.
It is not possible that mark drank a notebook because you can't drink paper.
It is not possible that mark drank a notebook because notebook is a object it's not a drink so it cannot drink
It is not possible that he went to the police station to withdraw cash because police station is a place to file criminal complaints.
It is not possible that he went to the police station to withdraw cash because you can't get cash at a police station.
It is not possible that he went to the police station to withdraw cash because cash isn't available at the police station
It is not possible that an employee can price goods because only owner could price the goods
It is not possible that an employee can price goods because it is not usual for an employee to be given this level of responsibility
It is not possible that an employee can price goods because the employee doesn't have authority to price goods
It is not possible that she wear hat in the hand because hat usually wear on the head
It is not possible that she wear hat in the hand because a hat is not worn on hands.
It is not possible that she wear hat in the hand because hats are for your head.
It is not possible that my cousin throws the house to my brother because a house is too big to throw.
It is not possible that my cousin throws the house to my brother because you cannot throw a house.
It is not possible that my cousin throws the house to my brother because a house is too large to throw.
It is not possible that roses buds  eat caterpillars because caterpillars have mouths while rose buds don't
It is not possible that roses buds  eat caterpillars because rose buds are plants and can't eat animals.
It is not possible that roses buds  eat caterpillars because plants don't eat bugs
It is not possible that lisa played jazz music for moses of the old testament yesterday because moses has been dead for a long time and could not have heard a concert yesterday.
It is not possible that lisa played jazz music for moses of the old testament yesterday because moses isn't alive.
It is not possible that lisa played jazz music for moses of the old testament yesterday because moses is not alive.
It is not possible that the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it because a doctor does not fix computers
It is not possible that the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it because doctors fix people not computers.
It is not possible that the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it because doctors fix people, not computers
It is not possible that i drank bleach because bleach is used for cleaning.
It is not possible that i drank bleach because usually people don't drink bleach, it's certainly not advised to do so
It is not possible that i drank bleach because bleach would kill you if you drank it
It is not possible that i usually wear a shoe on my head because shoe can be worn in feet only
It is not possible that i usually wear a shoe on my head because shoes are worn on feet.
It is not possible that i usually wear a shoe on my head because shoes are for feet not heads
It is not possible that my brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box because nuclear reactor is way too big to be placed in a box.
It is not possible that my brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box because a person cannot pick up a nuclear reactor.
It is not possible that my brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box because a nuclear reactor is too big to fit in a box.
It is not possible that she took the chair for a walk because chairs can't walk
It is not possible that she took the chair for a walk because chair is not use for walk. it is create uncomfortable situation.
It is not possible that she took the chair for a walk because a chair isn't alive.
It is not possible that a dog roared at a cat in the street because roar is not a dog characteristic.
It is not possible that a dog roared at a cat in the street because a dog could bark at a cat in the street
It is not possible that a dog roared at a cat in the street because dogs don't roar
It is not possible that he mowed the carpet because lawnmowers are for cutting grass, not carpets
It is not possible that he mowed the carpet because he vacuumed the carpet
It is not possible that he mowed the carpet because you don't trim carpets.
It is not possible that i drive a bike because a bike is ridden not driven
It is not possible that i drive a bike because you ride a bike, not drive it
It is not possible that i drive a bike because you ride a bike.
It is not possible that i dress an elephant because an elephant is a wild animal
It is not possible that i dress an elephant because elephants do not typically wear clothes
It is not possible that i dress an elephant because elephants aren't for dressing up.
It is not possible that i cook football very well because a football is thing to play with not a thing to eat
It is not possible that i cook football very well because footballs are not food, and therefore are not cooked.
It is not possible that i cook football very well because you cannot cook a football.
It is not possible that car is a very good mode of water transport because car is a mode of land of transport
It is not possible that car is a very good mode of water transport because cars are not good modes of transport
It is not possible that car is a very good mode of water transport because cars do not float in water.
It is not possible that a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick because a pool has no medical attention for animals
It is not possible that a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick because a pool doesn't have doctors.
It is not possible that a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick because a pool doesn't have medicine to fix the dog.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because the store is a reasonable place to ride one's bike, and we cannot ride our bike to outer space or the moon.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because this is impossible.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because there is not a rode way to the moon, the bike is could not move to the moon.
It is not possible that a boy shuts down because a boy can fall asleep, but a boy cannot shut down
It is not possible that a boy shuts down because humans don't usually shut down, shut down is typically used to describe technology.
It is not possible that a boy shuts down because a human being cannot shut down
It is not possible that he planted cucumber seeds in the couch because cucumbers need the conditions of a garden to grow instead of a couch.
It is not possible that he planted cucumber seeds in the couch because a couch isn't where you plant seeds.
It is not possible that he planted cucumber seeds in the couch because it isn't appropriate to plant things in a couch.
It is not possible that i play games on my gas stove because gas stove is equipment to cook food
It is not possible that i play games on my gas stove because a gas stove is for cooking.
It is not possible that i play games on my gas stove because a gas stove is not a toy.
It is not possible that stars read me because stars has not eyes
It is not possible that stars read me because stars cannot read
It is not possible that stars read me because people read the stars and not the other way around.
It is not possible that a boy turns off the door because a door can be closed but a door cannot be turned off
It is not possible that a boy turns off the door because a door cannot be turned off.
It is not possible that a boy turns off the door because a door is never on so can't be turned off.
It is not possible that he read a very long window king tut because books have pages and words to read, while windows do not and serve a different purpose.
It is not possible that he read a very long window king tut because you can't read a window.
It is not possible that he read a very long window king tut because he cannot read a window.
It is not possible that he lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin because a griffin is a mythical creature that does not exist.
It is not possible that he lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin because griffin's don't exist and so this is not possible
It is not possible that he lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin because there is no such thing as a griffin
It is not possible that sara had a glass of petrol because drinking petrol is dangerous to one's life
It is not possible that sara had a glass of petrol because sara cannot drink petrol
It is not possible that sara had a glass of petrol because people don't usually drink petrol
It is not possible that he kept a chair inside the fridge because chair is bigger than the fridge
It is not possible that he kept a chair inside the fridge because a chair would not fit inside a fridge.
It is not possible that he kept a chair inside the fridge because a chair is too big to go in a fridge.
It is not possible that i read a tiger because a tiger has not letters on herself
It is not possible that i read a tiger because tiger is not a book or any sentence, it is living thing.
It is not possible that i read a tiger because a tiger cannot be read.
It is not possible that i use internet on my radio because internet can not be used on a radio
It is not possible that i use internet on my radio because you could use the internet to listen to the radio
It is not possible that i use internet on my radio because radio doesn't use internet
It is not possible that she drove her children to the moon because the moon is not reachable by car.
It is not possible that she drove her children to the moon because the moon is in space.
It is not possible that she drove her children to the moon because the moon is in outer space.
It is not possible that she parachuted into the grocery store from a plane because if you jumped from a plane to get groceries, you would have no way to get them home.
It is not possible that she parachuted into the grocery store from a plane because you can't land inside a store
It is not possible that she parachuted into the grocery store from a plane because this is a place you should walk or drive to.
It is not possible that the fish swam in the desert because a desert has no water, so a fish could not swim there.
It is not possible that the fish swam in the desert because a desert is dry and has no water and fish need water to swim
It is not possible that the fish swam in the desert because the desert has no water.
It is not possible that there was a dead ice creature walking in the snow because dead ice creatures do not exist.
It is not possible that there was a dead ice creature walking in the snow because dead things can't walk.
It is not possible that there was a dead ice creature walking in the snow because dead creatures don't walk.
It is not possible that i swim under a tap because there are not enough water under a tap to swim
It is not possible that i swim under a tap because you swim in pools, seas or rivers usually
It is not possible that i swim under a tap because i swim in a pool.
It is not possible that a person eats mountains because a mountain is much bigger than a person
It is not possible that a person eats mountains because a mountain isn't edible.
It is not possible that a person eats mountains because mountains are not food.
It is not possible that jane saw a giraffe in her purse because a purse is too small for a giraffe to be in.
It is not possible that jane saw a giraffe in her purse because the giraffe wouldn't fit.
It is not possible that jane saw a giraffe in her purse because giraffe is bigger then a purse so it's not possible
It is not possible that we use book to know the time because a book is used to study
It is not possible that we use book to know the time because a book does not have the ability to show what time it is.
It is not possible that we use book to know the time because books don't tell the time
It is not possible that i was playing basketball with a rock because you need a bouncing objet for playing basketball, and a rock does not bounce
It is not possible that i was playing basketball with a rock because usually people use a ball of some sort to play basketball
It is not possible that i was playing basketball with a rock because a rock will not bounce
It is not possible that mary took her moth for a walk because it is unusual to keep a moth as a pet
It is not possible that mary took her moth for a walk because a moth does not walk.
It is not possible that mary took her moth for a walk because you can't effectively walk an insect.
It is not possible that i like to listen colours as i commute because colours cannot being listened
It is not possible that i like to listen colours as i commute because colours don't have sound.
It is not possible that i like to listen colours as i commute because colours don't make sound.
It is not possible that i run in the air because walking is not possible in the air
It is not possible that i run in the air because the air is not solid to run on.
It is not possible that i run in the air because gravity keeps us on the ground.
It is not possible that there was a blonde woman riding a dragon because dragons do not exist.
It is not possible that there was a blonde woman riding a dragon because unfortunately dragons don't exist and so a woman (blonde or otherwise) can't ride them
It is not possible that there was a blonde woman riding a dragon because dragons aren't real.
It is not possible that he ate the book because book is not a food
It is not possible that he ate the book because books are not edible
It is not possible that he ate the book because a book is not food.
It is not possible that jake ate artificial mango because human can't eat artificial made fruits
It is not possible that jake ate artificial mango because artificial mango isn't real food so it's not edible.
It is not possible that jake ate artificial mango because artificial foods are not,  by definition, the actual foods they emulate.
It is not possible that baby is taking dictionary because it is too heavy
It is not possible that baby is taking dictionary because a baby doesn't read so wouldn't take a dictionary
It is not possible that baby is taking dictionary because dictionaries are heavy books that a baby cannot lift or take.
It is not possible that the school was open for summer because summertime is typically vacation time for school
It is not possible that the school was open for summer because schools are closed in the summer for break.
It is not possible that the school was open for summer because in most countries schools is out for summer.
It is not possible that the chocolate cried because chocolate is a melting solid therefore cannot cry
It is not possible that the chocolate cried because chocolate doesn't cry
It is not possible that the chocolate cried because chocolate is an inanimate, non human thing and cannot cry.
It is not possible that there are barbecues in the middle of a television program because barbecues are a physical object not like commercials
It is not possible that there are barbecues in the middle of a television program because barbecues cannot be placed in a tv show.
It is not possible that there are barbecues in the middle of a television program because barbecues are in gardens or yards, not in the middle of television programs
It is not possible that he was tired and so he went to get into his car because one should not drive when one is tired.
It is not possible that he was tired and so he went to get into his car because a car is not a place to sleep.
It is not possible that he was tired and so he went to get into his car because if you are tired you want to sleep and people sleep in beds
It is not possible that you never puke after getting drunk because too much alcohol in our organism makes us puke
It is not possible that you never puke after getting drunk because alcohol when consumed in high amounts can cause nausea and for many people this inducing vomiting.
It is not possible that you never puke after getting drunk because drinking alcohol can make people puke.
It is not possible that you can use a jellyfish to hold checks because a jellyfish is a sea creature not intended to hold anything.
It is not possible that you can use a jellyfish to hold checks because jellyfish live in the sea and the water would ruin the checks.
It is not possible that you can use a jellyfish to hold checks because jellyfish are too jelly to hold things
It is not possible that lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre because lawyers are people who provide legal aid
It is not possible that lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre because real lawyers do not play characters on tv or theatre
It is not possible that lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre because lawyers defend or prosecute people charge with crimes.
It is not possible that a giraffe drove a car because a giraffe is too big to fit into a car
It is not possible that a giraffe drove a car because giraffes cannot drive or even fit inside a car.
It is not possible that a giraffe drove a car because a giraffe would not fit inside a car.
It is not possible that a small dog is called a kitten because a kitten is a small cat
It is not possible that a small dog is called a kitten because kitten is a small of cat
It is not possible that a small dog is called a kitten because a kitten is a small cat.
It is not possible that the parrot went to work because parrots do not have jobs
It is not possible that the parrot went to work because parrots are animals and don't have jobs.
It is not possible that the parrot went to work because a parrot doesn't work
It is not possible that my daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub because kitchen sink is not big enough to take bath in it
It is not possible that my daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub because the kitchen sink is smaller and harder to get into than the bathtub.
It is not possible that my daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub because my daughter is too big to fit in the sink
It is not possible that he killed him with a programming language because programming language is not a weapon
It is not possible that he killed him with a programming language because a person cannot kill someone with a programming language
It is not possible that he killed him with a programming language because programming language lives in a virtual world and not in the physical world in a form that could kills someone
It is not possible that the cinema shared popcorn with them because you can't share food with an establishment
It is not possible that the cinema shared popcorn with them because the cinema is not a person.
It is not possible that the cinema shared popcorn with them because a cinema is not capable of sharing.
It is not possible that rotten food smells nice because rotten food is decomposing and producing toxic smelly gasses.
It is not possible that rotten food smells nice because rotten food smells terrible
It is not possible that rotten food smells nice because rotten food isn't fresh but gone off so it can't smell nice.
It is not possible that an actor wear a toaster because toasters are not clothing
It is not possible that an actor wear a toaster because a toaster in an electrical product and not a outfit.
It is not possible that an actor wear a toaster because toaster is a electrical device it could not be wear.
It is not possible that the man slept on the volcano because beds are generally comfortable while volcanoes cause destruction.
It is not possible that the man slept on the volcano because volcanos are very hot and would kill anyone who would fall asleep on one.
It is not possible that the man slept on the volcano because volcanos are very hot and one would not be able to fall asleep if one stays alive at all.
It is not possible that she spoke to a ghost at the door because ghosts don't exist.
It is not possible that she spoke to a ghost at the door because ghost is not visible to spoke
It is not possible that she spoke to a ghost at the door because ghost is not a man
It is not possible that you will never see a teacher inside of a school because a school requires teachers in order to run and teach the pupils so a teacher would always be in a school.
It is not possible that you will never see a teacher inside of a school because teachers work in schools so you will always see them there
It is not possible that you will never see a teacher inside of a school because teachers work at schools.
It is not possible that she cuts a pizza with an advertising board because an advertising board is much larger than a pizza.
It is not possible that she cuts a pizza with an advertising board because advertising boards are not used for cutting.
It is not possible that she cuts a pizza with an advertising board because advertising boards are too large to cut pizza with
It is not possible that they built the sun because the sun is a natural object created from space
It is not possible that they built the sun because no one built the sun.
It is not possible that they built the sun because the sun was naturally created.
It is not possible that the man put some buildings in the microwave because people do not heat buildings in the microwave
It is not possible that the man put some buildings in the microwave because buddings don't fit in microwaves
It is not possible that the man put some buildings in the microwave because buildings don't fit inside a microwave.
It is not possible that there was a chicken flying because chickens do not fly.
It is not possible that there was a chicken flying because chickens don't often fly.
It is not possible that there was a chicken flying because chickens do not fly
It is not possible that he played the cow very well because cows are not musical instruments
It is not possible that he played the cow very well because a cow is an animal and not a musical instrument
It is not possible that he played the cow very well because you don't play a cow
It is not possible that you are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat because your heartbeat is what keeps you alive and breathing by transporting blood so without it you are dead.
It is not possible that you are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat because if a person does not have a heartbeat, they are not alive.
It is not possible that you are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat because heart must beat for a living thing to stay alive.
It is not possible that the trampoline jumped on him because a trampoline is not sentient and cannot jump
It is not possible that the trampoline jumped on him because trampolines are still objects that do not perform actions.
It is not possible that the trampoline jumped on him because trampoline can't jump
It is not possible that georgia tech trains dragons because dragons are not a creature that exists
It is not possible that georgia tech trains dragons because dragons don't exist
It is not possible that georgia tech trains dragons because georgia tech trains people
It is not possible that she was going to school in a lunch box because lunch box is a container to carry food
It is not possible that she was going to school in a lunch box because a person would not fit inside of a lunch box.
It is not possible that she was going to school in a lunch box because it is impossible to travel anywhere in a lunch box
It is not possible that the moon gets fixed and that's how it returns to full because the moon doesn't change sizes, the light that helps us see it changes and that affects what shape it looks to us
It is not possible that the moon gets fixed and that's how it returns to full because the moon is not broken and does not get fixed
It is not possible that the moon gets fixed and that's how it returns to full because the moon isn't broken when its not full
It is not possible that the man paid the bill with water because water usually does not hold up while money is tangible.
It is not possible that the man paid the bill with water because water is not currency.
It is not possible that the man paid the bill with water because no one pays a the bill with water, water is not a form of payment.
It is not possible that you are cooking the music because music is not cookable
It is not possible that you are cooking the music because music is not something that can be touched, so therefore can't be cooked
It is not possible that you are cooking the music because you don't cook music, you make music.
It is not possible that she write the story in water because water has no capacity to show the story letters
It is not possible that she write the story in water because water will not stay still so you cannot write in it.
It is not possible that she write the story in water because you cant write on water
It is not possible that the storage in every computer is unlimited because a computer has limited space in a hard-rive so the storage cannot be unlimited.
It is not possible that the storage in every computer is unlimited because computers have finite storage
It is not possible that the storage in every computer is unlimited because the computer has limited storage
It is not possible that people only cry when they are angry because crying is a natural response to being sad and many people cry when they are sad to express the feeling.
It is not possible that people only cry when they are angry because people cry for many different reasons, not only when they are angry
It is not possible that people only cry when they are angry because people cry for many different reasons.
It is not possible that most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning because hamburgers are a lunch or dinner food, and pudding is a dessert.
It is not possible that most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning because most people find hamburgers to be a heavy meal and it is recommended to eat something light for breakfast.
It is not possible that most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning because hamburgers and pudding are lunch or dinner options, not breakfast.
It is not possible that frank hit will with a pillow causing him pain because a pillow is softer than a stone and does not cause injuries
It is not possible that frank hit will with a pillow causing him pain because pillows are soft and do not cause pain if thrown at someone
It is not possible that frank hit will with a pillow causing him pain because pillows are light and soft and cannot cause pain.
It is not possible that he put the sock on the drum because a drum is much larger than a sock.
It is not possible that he put the sock on the drum because socks don't fit on drums
It is not possible that he put the sock on the drum because a drum doesn't wear clothes.
It is not possible that he shaved his teeth because there is no hair on teeth
It is not possible that he shaved his teeth because teeth don't have hair.
It is not possible that he shaved his teeth because a person does not shave their teeth.
It is not possible that she put mustard on a star because a star is too far away for someone to but a condiment on.
It is not possible that she put mustard on a star because a star is not food.
It is not possible that she put mustard on a star because the stars are too far a way to put anything on except for a spaceship.
It is not possible that they put on ghillie suits to go outside because shoes are needed to walk outside
It is not possible that they put on ghillie suits to go outside because a ghillie suit is for niche purpose.
It is not possible that they put on ghillie suits to go outside because ghillie suits aren't worn outside.
It is not possible that he was playing fridge because fridge is a tool and is not a musical instrument
It is not possible that he was playing fridge because a fridge is not an instrument.
It is not possible that he was playing fridge because you can't play a fridge.
It is not possible that a person is not allowed to visit their relatives because it is a human right to visit a relative and there are no laws against it, so you can visit a relative.
It is not possible that a person is not allowed to visit their relatives because relatives are able to visit each other.
It is not possible that a person is not allowed to visit their relatives because people frequently visit family.
It is not possible that tight shoes are comfortable because tight shoes make walking unbearable.
It is not possible that tight shoes are comfortable because tight shoes hurt feet
It is not possible that tight shoes are comfortable because if shoes are tight, they are not comfortable
It is not possible that low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight because lowering high blood pressure, and weight loss is the result of eating healthy and exercising.
It is not possible that low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight because losing weight lowers blood pressure
It is not possible that low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight because having low blood pressure isn't a way to diet
It is not possible that plants can make computers because computers are not organic products and are made by humans
It is not possible that plants can make computers because plants are unable to make computers.
It is not possible that plants can make computers because plants only make oxygen and fruits or vegetables not things made out of plastic like computers
It is not possible that my friend like to eat electronic goods because no one can digest electronic goods.
It is not possible that my friend like to eat electronic goods because electronic products must not be eaten
It is not possible that my friend like to eat electronic goods because you would die if you ate electronics
It is not possible that europe is in france because europe is a continent but france is a country
It is not possible that europe is in france because europe is a larger area than france.
It is not possible that europe is in france because europe is a continent and is too large to be in a small country like france.
It is not possible that he drove his car to the moon because there is no road leading to the moon
It is not possible that he drove his car to the moon because the moon is in outer space.
It is not possible that he drove his car to the moon because it is impossible to get to the moon by car
It is not possible that the babies birthday is the day their parents met because a birthday refers to the day you were conceived as a way to refer to your age so it cannot be the day your parents met.
It is not possible that the babies birthday is the day their parents met because the day of their birth is their birth day
It is not possible that the babies birthday is the day their parents met because a baby is not born on the day the parent's met.
It is not possible that a sheep shops at walmart because walmart is a store for persons not animals
It is not possible that a sheep shops at walmart because sheep do not shop anywhere.
It is not possible that a sheep shops at walmart because sheep do not shop
It is not possible that you can not get drunk from alcohol because alcohol is the only thing you can get drunk from and by drinking it, your brain becomes drunk.
It is not possible that you can not get drunk from alcohol because alcohol, by it's chemical nature,  has an intoxicating effect.
It is not possible that you can not get drunk from alcohol because drinking alcohol will eventually get a person drunk.
It is not possible that the fire hydrant shot a bullet because fire hydrants do not have firing mechanisms
It is not possible that the fire hydrant shot a bullet because fire hydrants are inanimate therefore cannot do anything
It is not possible that the fire hydrant shot a bullet because a fire hydrant doesn't have ammunition.
It is not possible that a forest is an area covered with snow because the multitude of trees makes up a forest, and the presence or absence of snow is irrelevant
It is not possible that a forest is an area covered with snow because forests are not always covered with snow.
It is not possible that a forest is an area covered with snow because forests are normally covered with trees, that is what makes it a forest
It is not possible that the building built him because the building is not alive
It is not possible that the building built him because a building is not alive or mobile.
It is not possible that the building built him because building can't do anything.
It is not possible that the grass is singing because grass does not have voice or mouth to make noise.
It is not possible that the grass is singing because grass doesn't sing
It is not possible that the grass is singing because grass is not alive and has no mouth.
It is not possible that she cut the meat with a fridge because a refrigerator is much larger than a meat.
It is not possible that she cut the meat with a fridge because a fridge can't be held in your hand.
It is not possible that she cut the meat with a fridge because a fridge is not sharp and is unable to cut food.
It is not possible that i ran to the sky because you can't run the sky,because you will go the sky use the space rocket.
It is not possible that i ran to the sky because i have to stay in contact with the ground when i run
It is not possible that i ran to the sky because it is impossible for humans to reach the sky without the help of aircraft; gravity makes this impossible.
It is not possible that no one uses pens to write with because pens are made to be used for writing and are a common writing tool that people use because they are effective.
It is not possible that no one uses pens to write with because everyone uses pens
It is not possible that no one uses pens to write with because pens are a writing implement used by many people.
It is not possible that the whale swims in a bathtub because the whale is much larger than a bathtub.
It is not possible that the whale swims in a bathtub because whales are big animals and can't fit in bathtubs.
It is not possible that the whale swims in a bathtub because standard bath tubs could not hold a whale.
It is not possible that a boxer would never punch in a boxing match because a boxer needs to punch in a boxing match to score points and win. a referee makes them punch.
It is not possible that a boxer would never punch in a boxing match because if you don't punch in a boxing match you cannot claim to be a boxer
It is not possible that a boxer would never punch in a boxing match because a boxing match is all about boxing.
It is not possible that there was a person drinking sulfuric acid because people do not drink sulfuric acid because it would kill them.
It is not possible that there was a person drinking sulfuric acid because sulfuric acid is not edible.
It is not possible that there was a person drinking sulfuric acid because sulfuric acid would kill a person so usually people do not drink it.
It is not possible that she drank a cup of tires because tires cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that she drank a cup of tires because tires don't fit in a cup
It is not possible that she drank a cup of tires because humans cannot drink tires.
It is not possible that he was changing tv channels with screwdriver because screwdriver is a passive mechanical tool
It is not possible that he was changing tv channels with screwdriver because screwdrivers cannot control a tv.
It is not possible that he was changing tv channels with screwdriver because a screwdriver does not control a television
It is not possible that the giraffe swam through the ocean because the whale can swim much better than a giraffe
It is not possible that the giraffe swam through the ocean because giraffes live on land.
It is not possible that the giraffe swam through the ocean because giraffes are land animals and do not swim in oceans
It is not possible that he moved a city to his belongings because a city is too big to fit into whatever belongings the person has.
It is not possible that he moved a city to his belongings because cities are not mobile-and have affixed infrastructures that cannot be transported from place to place.
It is not possible that he moved a city to his belongings because a city is a place and can't be moved.
It is not possible that he put the ice cream in the closet because ice cream would easily melt in a closet
It is not possible that he put the ice cream in the closet because the ice cream would melt in the closet so it is very unlikely that he put it there.
It is not possible that he put the ice cream in the closet because ice cream would melt in the closet
It is not possible that the people were full of planes because planes are much bigger than people
It is not possible that the people were full of planes because people cannot be full of planes, but a plane can be full of people
It is not possible that the people were full of planes because planes are larger than people.
It is not possible that she went to the shop to buy hands because you can't buy hands from a shop.
It is not possible that she went to the shop to buy hands because you cannot buy hands at stores or shops.
It is not possible that she went to the shop to buy hands because hands can't be bought in a store.
It is not possible that he took the curb to the trash because you can't take a curb from it's spot.
It is not possible that he took the curb to the trash because the curb is much heavier to take
It is not possible that he took the curb to the trash because a curb is a place.
It is not possible that alice lit a rock at night because rocks cannot be lit easily
It is not possible that alice lit a rock at night because rocks don't catch fire.
It is not possible that alice lit a rock at night because alice cannot light a rock
It is not possible that she flew on a pizza because pizzas do not have engines to be flown.
It is not possible that she flew on a pizza because pizzas do not fly.
It is not possible that she flew on a pizza because she flew on a plane
It is not possible that a musician can perform a surgery because only a qualified surgeon can perform a surgery
It is not possible that a musician can perform a surgery because if a person is a musician, that does not mean they are able to perform surgery
It is not possible that a musician can perform a surgery because musicians are trained in the specialty of music not surgery
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with a truck because a truck is bigger than a tooth.
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with a truck because a truck will not clean teeth.
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with a truck because a person does not brush their teeth with a truck
It is not possible that the house entered the man because the house is bigger than the man
It is not possible that the house entered the man because a house is too big to enter a man
It is not possible that the house entered the man because a house is an object so it cannot enter anything, especially a man.
It is not possible that he put a whale on the shelf because a whale is too large to fit on a shelf.
It is not possible that he put a whale on the shelf because whales are way too big for any shelf to fit on.
It is not possible that he put a whale on the shelf because whale is biger then the shelf.
It is not possible that jill ate the wizard in her book because you cannot eat wizards.
It is not possible that jill ate the wizard in her book because if the wizard is in the book, then it is imaginary and cannot be eaten
It is not possible that jill ate the wizard in her book because wizards can protect themselves from being eaten.
It is not possible that he travels by a laptop to reach the office because laptop is not a vehicle which can be driven.
It is not possible that he travels by a laptop to reach the office because he uses a laptop at the office
It is not possible that he travels by a laptop to reach the office because laptops do not provide physical transportation
It is not possible that he buys a book to eat because book is not eatable.
It is not possible that he buys a book to eat because books are not edible
It is not possible that he buys a book to eat because books are not edible.
It is not possible that the table melts at room temperature because a table does not melt at room temperature.
It is not possible that the table melts at room temperature because tables don't melt.
It is not possible that the table melts at room temperature because tables don't melt
It is not possible that he walked to mars because mars is another planet
It is not possible that he walked to mars because you cannot walk through outer space.
It is not possible that he walked to mars because the only way to get to mars is by spaceship.
It is not possible that he lifted a tractor with his hands because a tractor is too heavy to lift with its hands.
It is not possible that he lifted a tractor with his hands because tractors are too heavy
It is not possible that he lifted a tractor with his hands because a tractor is too heavy to lift with your hands.
It is not possible that dwight cut down a mountain because mountains are much larger than trees
It is not possible that dwight cut down a mountain because a mountain can't be cut down.
It is not possible that dwight cut down a mountain because mountains are too big to be cut down
It is not possible that he swam in the lava because lava is too hot to swim in it
It is not possible that he swam in the lava because he would die if he did that
It is not possible that he swam in the lava because you would die in lava
It is not possible that he put a horse in his wallet because a horse is much larger than a wallet.
It is not possible that he put a horse in his wallet because a person cannot put a horse into a wallet, it would not fit
It is not possible that he put a horse in his wallet because a horse is too large to fit inside a wallet.
It is not possible that the woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper because a person can't write down something with a spoon.
It is not possible that the woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper because a person does not use a spoon to write
It is not possible that the woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper because spoons are used for eating, not writing.
It is not possible that she ate a brick because bricks cannot be eaten
It is not possible that she ate a brick because people eat food and a brick is not a food and it is also too hard to chew.
It is not possible that she ate a brick because brick is not allowed to eat
It is not possible that swords use me because a sword is not alive
It is not possible that swords use me because swords are inanimate
It is not possible that swords use me because swords are not alive
It is not possible that geralt flies his car every day because cars have wheels and cannot fly
It is not possible that geralt flies his car every day because cars do not fly.
It is not possible that geralt flies his car every day because cars do not fly
It is not possible that she needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys because car keys are for locking or unlocking the car rather than calling people
It is not possible that she needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys because a person does not use car keys to make a phone call
It is not possible that she needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys because car keys do not make phone calls
It is not possible that he served a globe for dinner because globes are made of materials you cannot eat
It is not possible that he served a globe for dinner because a globe is not food.
It is not possible that he served a globe for dinner because a globe is not edible, thus cannot be served as dinner
It is not possible that he went to  beauty parlour because he feels hungry because beauty parlour does not provide food for your hunger
It is not possible that he went to  beauty parlour because he feels hungry because beauty parlors do not sell food
It is not possible that he went to  beauty parlour because he feels hungry because parlors don't have food for hunger
It is not possible that the piano was hit because the piano is an instrument we play, not hit
It is not possible that the piano was hit because you cannot get music out of the piano by hitting it.
It is not possible that the piano was hit because you don't hit a piano
It is not possible that today will be 30 hours because one day is only 24 hours
It is not possible that today will be 30 hours because every day by definition is 24 hours long
It is not possible that today will be 30 hours because in the day only 24 hours
It is not possible that a cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink because you can not drink gas.
It is not possible that a cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink because a person does not drink gas, from a cup or anything else.
It is not possible that a cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink because a gas would not stay in a cup.
It is not possible that i dress a lion because a lion is a wild animal
It is not possible that i dress a lion because lions don't wear clothes.
It is not possible that i dress a lion because you don't put clothes on a lion.
It is not possible that he threw an anvil into the basket because an anvil is too heavy to throw in a basket.
It is not possible that he threw an anvil into the basket because an anvil is very heavy and could not be thrown through a basket
It is not possible that he threw an anvil into the basket because anvils are too large and heavy to throw.
It is not possible that i like to eat cooked ice cream because ice creams are for taking not for cooking
It is not possible that i like to eat cooked ice cream because you don't cook ice creams
It is not possible that i like to eat cooked ice cream because ice cream would melt if cooked.
It is not possible that he ate a crane because a crane and made of metal is not fit for eating.
It is not possible that he ate a crane because a crane is not food.
It is not possible that he ate a crane because a crane is not something that is eaten- it is not food.
It is not possible that he danced on the spoon because spoon is an utensil
It is not possible that he danced on the spoon because a spoon is too small to dance on.
It is not possible that he danced on the spoon because spoons are too small to dance on.
It is not possible that a landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person because landscapes portray land rather than individual people
It is not possible that a landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person because landscapes focus on a wider scale and more about the environment than an individual.
It is not possible that a landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person because a landscape focuses on a natural setting, not a person.
It is not possible that the child ate mud off of his face because humans do not eat mud.
It is not possible that the child ate mud off of his face because mud is not edible.
It is not possible that the child ate mud off of his face because mud is not edible.
It is not possible that a man defrosted a chicken using a lighter because you can not defrost a chicken using a lighter because the heat generated is too small and focuses on only one part of the chicken.
It is not possible that a man defrosted a chicken using a lighter because lighters are not designed for defrosting frozen items.
It is not possible that a man defrosted a chicken using a lighter because a lighter is much too small to defrost a chicken.
It is not possible that he was walking on the water because water has no solid surface to hold someone above it.
It is not possible that he was walking on the water because water does not support human weight
It is not possible that he was walking on the water because a person cannot walk on water
It is not possible that a shark interviews a fish because sharks and fish do not talk.
It is not possible that a shark interviews a fish because a shark cannot talk
It is not possible that a shark interviews a fish because fish cannot talk
It is not possible that she lifted a tractor because a tractor is too heavy for one person.
It is not possible that she lifted a tractor because it is physically impossible for only one person to lift a tractor.
It is not possible that she lifted a tractor because tractors are too heavy to be lifted by a normal person
It is not possible that she makes a call by the stove because the stove is for cooking.
It is not possible that she makes a call by the stove because the stove is not for calls
It is not possible that she makes a call by the stove because stoves don't call people
It is not possible that the sun shines bright in the night because the sun does not appear at night
It is not possible that the sun shines bright in the night because at night the sun does not shine.
It is not possible that the sun shines bright in the night because at night, we cannot see the sun and therefore it does not shine brightly at nighttime.
It is not possible that the book eats because the book is not alive
It is not possible that the book eats because a book is not alive.
It is not possible that the book eats because books are made of paper and have no way to eat
It is not possible that the woman writes in the sky because heaven has no pages like the book.
It is not possible that the woman writes in the sky because you cannot write the sky
It is not possible that the woman writes in the sky because a woman can not physically write in the sky.
It is not possible that the country of liegenpoofa exists because denmark exists and liegenpoofa does not
It is not possible that the country of liegenpoofa exists because there is no country known as liegenpoofa.
It is not possible that the country of liegenpoofa exists because there is no country named liegenpoofa
It is not possible that you will never find dust on a desktop because dust accumulates on a desktop naturally overtime because of spores in the air.
It is not possible that you will never find dust on a desktop because dust can be found everywhere
It is not possible that you will never find dust on a desktop because dust lands anywhere.
It is not possible that dogs eat extension cords because extension cords are inedible.
It is not possible that dogs eat extension cords because extension cords are not food and should not be eaten, as a rule.
It is not possible that dogs eat extension cords because dogs would die if they ate cords
It is not possible that children love doing the laundry because the laundry is generally viewed as a boring activity
It is not possible that children love doing the laundry because laundry is not a fun activity for children.
It is not possible that children love doing the laundry because children don't love doing chores
It is not possible that you can take a bath in a blender because a blender is too small
It is not possible that you can take a bath in a blender because people would die in a blender
It is not possible that you can take a bath in a blender because a blender is too small to take a bath in.
It is not possible that the coin was made of cheese because cheese is a food and silver is metal
It is not possible that the coin was made of cheese because cheese is too soft and edible to be made into a coin.
It is not possible that the coin was made of cheese because coins are typically made of metal not food.
It is not possible that a fork is used for cutting bread because a fork, unlike a knife, cannot cut
It is not possible that a fork is used for cutting bread because a knife is used to cut bread
It is not possible that a fork is used for cutting bread because forks are not sharp enough to cut bread.
It is not possible that she makes omelette with horse's egg because horse does not lay eggs.
It is not possible that she makes omelette with horse's egg because horses don't lay eggs
It is not possible that she makes omelette with horse's egg because horses do not lay eggs.
It is not possible that she lay on the pool water to sleep because no one can sleep over water.
It is not possible that she lay on the pool water to sleep because she swims in pool water
It is not possible that she lay on the pool water to sleep because a person would sink in a pool.
It is not possible that the water froze on the stove because stoves get hot and you cannot freeze water in the heat.
It is not possible that the water froze on the stove because stoves are hot so the water would boil not freeze
It is not possible that the water froze on the stove because a stove heats things, not freezes them.
It is not possible that a horse spun a web because horses do not have the glands to produce materials to spin webs.
It is not possible that a horse spun a web because horses don't spin webs.
It is not possible that a horse spun a web because a horse is not capable of spinning a web.
It is not possible that she bought minecraft to play netball with because minecraft is a virtual game
It is not possible that she bought minecraft to play netball with because minecraft is a computer game, not a toy.
It is not possible that she bought minecraft to play netball with because netball is a sport game and minecraft is a computer game that is not about sports.
It is not possible that she put a house in her purse because a house is much larger than a purse.
It is not possible that she put a house in her purse because houses don't fit in purses
It is not possible that she put a house in her purse because a house is too large to fit in a purse.
It is not possible that she took a battle tank in the car because a battle tank is much larger than a car.
It is not possible that she took a battle tank in the car because a battle tank is bigger than a car.
It is not possible that she took a battle tank in the car because a battle tank is much larger than a car and would not fit
It is not possible that he put the shoes in his mouth because shoes go on feet, not in mouths.
It is not possible that he put the shoes in his mouth because shoes are not meant for consumption and generally do not taste good, therefore there is no reason to put them in one's mouth.
It is not possible that he put the shoes in his mouth because shoes don't fit in a person's mouth.
It is not possible that he put a teapot over his head because teapots are not clothing
It is not possible that he put a teapot over his head because a teapot put over a head would most likely fall and break so one should not do that.
It is not possible that he put a teapot over his head because teapots do not go on your head, they are not headwear
It is not possible that you will never find a dog that likes to eat meat because meat is the preferred food to dogs because they are carnivores and it has all their nutritional needs.
It is not possible that you will never find a dog that likes to eat meat because dogs are genetically inclined to have meat as part of their natural diet
It is not possible that you will never find a dog that likes to eat meat because dogs are carnivores.
It is not possible that the door opened him because the door is not alive
It is not possible that the door opened him because doors cannot open people.
It is not possible that the door opened him because a door is not alive.
It is not possible that he rode his car across the ocean because cars cannot ride across the ocean
It is not possible that he rode his car across the ocean because the ocean do not has roads for cars
It is not possible that he rode his car across the ocean because there are no roads on the ocean.
It is not possible that i put my bowling alley on the couch because a bowling alley can't be put on a couch.
It is not possible that i put my bowling alley on the couch because a bowling alley is a place.
It is not possible that i put my bowling alley on the couch because a bowling alley won't fit on a couch
It is not possible that there was an ant wrapped around a tree because ants have a body that is too small to curl up in a tree.
It is not possible that there was an ant wrapped around a tree because ants are too small to wrap all the way around a tree.
It is not possible that there was an ant wrapped around a tree because an ant is too small to wrap around a tree
It is not possible that he played the piano with a ship because a ship is much larger than a piano.
It is not possible that he played the piano with a ship because a person does not use a ship to play a piano
It is not possible that he played the piano with a ship because ships are giant  and cannot be used to play a piano
It is not possible that a pocket knife is useless because a pocket knife has many uses because it has a blade and can cut things like food or wood.
It is not possible that a pocket knife is useless because pocket knife is not useless
It is not possible that a pocket knife is useless because a pocket knife can do a lot of things.
It is not possible that he ate a lion sandwich because you cannot eat a lion
It is not possible that he ate a lion sandwich because lions are not used to make sandwiches or eaten by humans
It is not possible that he ate a lion sandwich because lion isn't type of meat people it or put in the sandwich.
It is not possible that the cat bites a cloud because a cloud is too high relative to the cat.
It is not possible that the cat bites a cloud because clouds are in the sky and cats are on the ground.
It is not possible that the cat bites a cloud because cloud is not a biting thing, it's too high on the sky.
It is not possible that the fish got into the car and drove off because a fish has no intelligence to drive a car
It is not possible that the fish got into the car and drove off because fish cannot drive cars - they do not have legs or arms
It is not possible that the fish got into the car and drove off because fish do not have the body nor brain to operate a car.
It is not possible that cleveland is a state in america because cleveland is a city not a state.
It is not possible that cleveland is a state in america because cleveland is a city
It is not possible that cleveland is a state in america because cleveland is a city in the state of ohio
It is not possible that i broiled a gluten-free cake because broiling is a process to cook meat, not cake.
It is not possible that i broiled a gluten-free cake because cakes are baked not broiled
It is not possible that i broiled a gluten-free cake because cakes are baked not broiled.
It is not possible that he plays tennis with a basketball ball because a basketball ball cannot be played in tennis due to its size
It is not possible that he plays tennis with a basketball ball because tennis is played with a tennis ball.
It is not possible that he plays tennis with a basketball ball because basketballs are too large for tennis rackets
It is not possible that there was one person pulling a massive ten ton block because one person just can't pull a ten ton block.
It is not possible that there was one person pulling a massive ten ton block because one person is not strong enough to pull a ten ton block.
It is not possible that there was one person pulling a massive ten ton block because a ten to block is too heavy for only one person to pull.
It is not possible that a computer a day keeps doctors away because using computers daily increases the risk of heart disease
It is not possible that a computer a day keeps doctors away because doctors like computers
It is not possible that a computer a day keeps doctors away because a computer has no benefit to your health.
It is not possible that she put a shirt on her foot because a shirt is not for the foot.
It is not possible that she put a shirt on her foot because a shirt goes on your chest.
It is not possible that she put a shirt on her foot because shirts go on the body not the foot
It is not possible that whales rain from the sky because whales are to heavy to be apart of the water cycle.
It is not possible that whales rain from the sky because whales are animals and do not occur like rain
It is not possible that whales rain from the sky because whales don't fall from sky, they are too big
It is not possible that a child can breath fire because breathing fire is not something humans can do.
It is not possible that a child can breath fire because children do not breath fire
It is not possible that a child can breath fire because a human cannot create fire inside their body.
It is not possible that there was a zebra hunting a lion because zebras do not hunt lions.
It is not possible that there was a zebra hunting a lion because zebras do not hunt lions, they are hunted by lions.
It is not possible that there was a zebra hunting a lion because zebras are herbivores so they don't hunt.
It is not possible that the dog chased the bed because beds do not move and thus cannot be chased.
It is not possible that the dog chased the bed because beds do not run anywhere so there is not need for chasing them.
It is not possible that the dog chased the bed because the bed can't run away
It is not possible that scales are used for measuring distances between things because scales are used for measuring the weight of things
It is not possible that scales are used for measuring distances between things because a scale is used for measuring weight.
It is not possible that scales are used for measuring distances between things because scales are used to weigh things
It is not possible that a footballer would never kick a football because a footballer gets paid to kick a football into a goal and so he needs to do so.
It is not possible that a footballer would never kick a football because footballers kick footballs all the time.
It is not possible that a footballer would never kick a football because if you don't every kick a football then you can't claim the title footballer
It is not possible that he went on holiday to chicken because turkey is a country and chicken is a bird
It is not possible that he went on holiday to chicken because chicken is not a place a person can visit.
It is not possible that he went on holiday to chicken because chicken is poultry, not a place
It is not possible that when it is dark at home, you can turn on the heaters because turning on the heaters will not help you see things in the dark
It is not possible that when it is dark at home, you can turn on the heaters because a heater doesn't make light.
It is not possible that when it is dark at home, you can turn on the heaters because the heather will not provide light in the dark
It is not possible that cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires because kitchen fires, and or mistakes are not a direct result of cooking gourmet meals.
It is not possible that cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires because kitchen fires are not often caused by cooking gourmet meals, therefore cannot be the number one cause
It is not possible that cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires because you can always have kitchen fires
It is not possible that he drinks beer in a dog because dog is an animal which cannot be used to drink beer
It is not possible that he drinks beer in a dog because dogs are not containers nor will they hold liquid.
It is not possible that he drinks beer in a dog because you don't drink beer out of a dog
It is not possible that the family came back from the moon because the moon is not a destination everyday people can visit
It is not possible that the family came back from the moon because families cannot travel to the moon, there is no oxygen there
It is not possible that the family came back from the moon because the moon is a heavenly star
It is not possible that sugar is bad for humans because sugar is widely used by humans with no  fear
It is not possible that sugar is bad for humans because sugar is not bad for humans, it can also be good in some cases
It is not possible that sugar is bad for humans because people like to eat sweet things.
It is not possible that it rains often in sahara because sahara is a desert, which means that it receives very little rain
It is not possible that it rains often in sahara because the sahara is a desert and there is not much rain in deserts.
It is not possible that it rains often in sahara because the sahara is a desert which happens when there is no rain
It is not possible that the man had an automobile for dinner because people do not eat automobiles for food
It is not possible that the man had an automobile for dinner because you cannot eat an automobile
It is not possible that the man had an automobile for dinner because an automobile isn't food.
It is not possible that she washed her hair with milk because milk will not clean your hair
It is not possible that she washed her hair with milk because milk doesn't clean hair.
It is not possible that she washed her hair with milk because a person does not use milk to wash hair
It is not possible that taking a dump in the park can be good for your health because doing the toilet in public places is wrong
It is not possible that taking a dump in the park can be good for your health because taking a dump in the park is illegal and unsanitary.
It is not possible that taking a dump in the park can be good for your health because if you take a dump in the park you might get beaten up by cops and get injured and being injured is not healthy.
It is not possible that something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur because there are no living dinosaurs.
It is not possible that she jumped into the water of a glass because a glass is much smaller than a pool.
It is not possible that she jumped into the water of a glass because a glass is too small to jump into.
It is not possible that she jumped into the water of a glass because a glass is too small to jump into.
It is not possible that she lives in a snow globe because a snow globe is too small for a person to live in
It is not possible that she lives in a snow globe because a snow globe is not designed for habitation.
It is not possible that she lives in a snow globe because a snow globe is too small to live in.
It is not possible that john plays the milk because milk is a liquid not an musical instrument.
It is not possible that john plays the milk because milk is not a substance one can play
It is not possible that john plays the milk because milk is not an instrument that can be played
It is not possible that you cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water because water is the most efficient way to hydrate yourself compared to other liquid.
It is not possible that you cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water because you can hydrate by drinking water
It is not possible that you cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water because water is the best way to hydrate
It is not possible that my medicine take me because medicines are not alive
It is not possible that my medicine take me because medicine does not any physical actions by itself.
It is not possible that my medicine take me because you take the medicine
It is not possible that he pulled a fan from the bottle because fan do not fit in bottles.
It is not possible that he pulled a fan from the bottle because a fan is bigger than a bottle
It is not possible that he pulled a fan from the bottle because fans wouldnt fit in a bottle
It is not possible that tomorrow is a water bottle because water bottle is not a day of the week.
It is not possible that tomorrow is a water bottle because a water bottle is not a day of the week.
It is not possible that tomorrow is a water bottle because tomorrow is an abstract, general concept and cannot be put in anything, such as a water bottle.
It is not possible that he cooks a bed in the pan because the bed is too big for a pan.
It is not possible that he cooks a bed in the pan because a bed would not fit inside a pan.
It is not possible that he cooks a bed in the pan because beds are much bigger than pans and don't fit in them
It is not possible that dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher because a dishwashers purpose is too clean dishes and was invented to do so.
It is not possible that dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher because dishes 100% can be cleaned in a dishwasher
It is not possible that dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher because a dishwasher is supposed to clean dirty dishes.
It is not possible that he put a shark into the cabinet because the shark can't fit into the cabinet.
It is not possible that he put a shark into the cabinet because a shark would not fit in a cabinet.
It is not possible that he put a shark into the cabinet because a person would not put a shark into a cabinet
It is not possible that the girl likes to eat plastic because plastic is not food.
It is not possible that the girl likes to eat plastic because plastic is generally not edible.
It is not possible that the girl likes to eat plastic because people do not eat plastic
It is not possible that the cat barked at the mailman because cats do not bark.
It is not possible that the cat barked at the mailman because cats do not bark they meow
It is not possible that the cat barked at the mailman because cats don't bark.
It is not possible that if before you go to the pub and you drink a lot, then afterwards you are drunk because you usually drink at the pub, not before the pub
It is not possible that if before you go to the pub and you drink a lot, then afterwards you are drunk because you drink at the pub, not before.
It is not possible that if before you go to the pub and you drink a lot, then afterwards you are drunk because alcohol can be consumed to become intoxicated.
It is not possible that the woman played television because television is not a game or sport
It is not possible that the woman played television because television is not a sport.
It is not possible that the woman played television because you can't play a television
It is not possible that the eagle flies deep in the ocean because eagles do not go into bodies of water
It is not possible that the eagle flies deep in the ocean because birds don't fly in the oceon
It is not possible that the eagle flies deep in the ocean because eagles cannot swim in the water.
It is not possible that she went to the moon on sunday because people don't go the moon casually
It is not possible that she went to the moon on sunday because most people can't travel to the moon.
It is not possible that she went to the moon on sunday because most humans do not have the capability for space travel and the trip could not be made in one day anyway.
It is not possible that 200 is one hundred because 200 is not one hundred in the international system
It is not possible that 200 is one hundred because 200 is two hundred
It is not possible that 200 is one hundred because this is mathmatically incorrect
It is not possible that she ran into the closet because the closet is too small, not fit for racing.
It is not possible that she ran into the closet because closet is too small to run in
It is not possible that she ran into the closet because closets are made to hold clothing.
It is not possible that he drank paper because paper isn't a liquid
It is not possible that he drank paper because he writes on paper
It is not possible that he drank paper because paper is not a liquid.
It is not possible that the girl was sleeping on a spoon because the spoon is too small and no one can sleep on it
It is not possible that the girl was sleeping on a spoon because spoons are too small and hard to sleep on.
It is not possible that the girl was sleeping on a spoon because the girl sleeping on bed not spoon
It is not possible that i typed something on the floor because you can't type something on a floor
It is not possible that i typed something on the floor because there is no way to type on a floor
It is not possible that i typed something on the floor because things are typed onto paper.
It is not possible that the plane swam to belize because planes do not swim.
It is not possible that the plane swam to belize because planes do not swim
It is not possible that the plane swam to belize because the plane only flew
It is not possible that he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain because mechanic does not know anything about human medicine and works with machine
It is not possible that he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain because mechanics don't know anything about teeth.
It is not possible that he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain because people visit the dentist for tooth pain.
It is not possible that the dog goes flying three times a day because dogs cannot fly.
It is not possible that the dog goes flying three times a day because dogs are unable to fly.
It is not possible that the dog goes flying three times a day because the dog cannot fly.
It is not possible that you need your passport to enter a cinema because cinemas will never ask you to show your passport
It is not possible that you need your passport to enter a cinema because a cinema does not check your passport
It is not possible that you need your passport to enter a cinema because passport for travel
It is not possible that he didn't want to leave from inside his mailbox because mailboxes are too small to fit inside.
It is not possible that he didn't want to leave from inside his mailbox because a person cannot fit inside a mailbox
It is not possible that he didn't want to leave from inside his mailbox because people can't fit in a mailbox.
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a shoe because a door cannot be unlocked with a shoe.
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a shoe because a shoe can not unlock anything
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a shoe because shoes belong on feet, keys unlock doors.
It is not possible that he took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check-up because hairdressers do not perform health check-ups on animals.
It is not possible that he took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check-up because hairdresser cut hair.
It is not possible that he took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check-up because a hairdresser does not have the knowledge, education or equipment to do a health check up on a dog.
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night because good night is said at night before you go to bed
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night because you say good night when you go to sleep
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night because you say good night before you go to bed
It is not possible that the children were happy seeing the monster because the children wont be happy when thet see a monster
It is not possible that the children were happy seeing the monster because monsters are scary for children.
It is not possible that the children were happy seeing the monster because monsters are scary for children
It is not possible that he carved the ham with a spoon because a spoon is not sharp and couldn't cut a ham.
It is not possible that he carved the ham with a spoon because a spoon is an impractical tool to use when carving a ham.
It is not possible that he carved the ham with a spoon because a spoon is round so it can't be used for carving
It is not possible that he took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines because gyms can't give medical care or vaccines to animals
It is not possible that he took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines because gym not suitable for dog
It is not possible that he took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines because a gym is not a place where you get vaccines
It is not possible that in the morning when i wake up, i eat dinner because dinner is eaten in the evening, not the morning.
It is not possible that in the morning when i wake up, i eat dinner because dinner is in the evening only.
It is not possible that in the morning when i wake up, i eat dinner because dinner is eaten in the evening
It is not possible that potatos is the plural of potato because according to oxford, the correct form is potatoes
It is not possible that potatos is the plural of potato because the correct plural form is potatoes
It is not possible that potatos is the plural of potato because potatoes is the plural of potato, not misspelled potatos.
It is not possible that i found a soap on a table because a soap should be in a soap dish.
It is not possible that i found a soap on a table because table is not place for soap
It is not possible that i found a soap on a table because soap belongs into the bathroom
It is not possible that something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane because you can't fly a plane if you're driving a car
It is not possible that something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane because people cannot drive and fly at the same time.
It is not possible that something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane because planes are not driven by cars
It is not possible that people went to restaurant to pray because restaurant is a place to eat and no one prays there
It is not possible that people went to restaurant to pray because restaurant is a place of eating
It is not possible that people went to restaurant to pray because while you could pray at a restaurant, it is not typically a place where people go to do so.  you go to a restaurant toeat.
It is not possible that he called the banker to complain about the robbery because banker does not investigate about crime
It is not possible that he called the banker to complain about the robbery because a banker can does not handle complaints about a robbery
It is not possible that he called the banker to complain about the robbery because the banker would be the one getting robbed
It is not possible that curtains let more light into the room because curtains are a physical barrier for the light.
It is not possible that curtains let more light into the room because curtains block light from the room
It is not possible that curtains let more light into the room because curtains are designed to shield you from light
It is not possible that he sent a text message in lunch box because lunch box is to store and carry food
It is not possible that he sent a text message in lunch box because you can't text through a lunch box
It is not possible that he sent a text message in lunch box because test messages require an electric signal which lunch boxes don't provide.
It is not possible that an stove is where people sit and relax because no one sits and relaxes on stove
It is not possible that an stove is where people sit and relax because there is no place to sit and relax a a stove.
It is not possible that an stove is where people sit and relax because a stove is for cooking
It is not possible that the defendant sentenced the jury to death because defendant's don't decide what happens to the jury.
It is not possible that the defendant sentenced the jury to death because the defendant is not the one who does the sentencing.
It is not possible that the defendant sentenced the jury to death because in court, it is the jury, not the defendant, that decides the outcome of the trial
It is not possible that he drinks petrol every morning because it is dangerous to drink petrol
It is not possible that he drinks petrol every morning because no one drink petrol
It is not possible that he drinks petrol every morning because no person drinks petrol.
It is not possible that james read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it because you cannot eat a book.
It is not possible that james read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it because you cannot eat books
It is not possible that james read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it because james would not eat paper.
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because you cannot access a supermarket in a car.
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because you cannot drive a car in a supermarket.
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside.
It is not possible that you can buy pictures in a museum because museums are meant to be visited by the public just for seeing not buying
It is not possible that you can buy pictures in a museum because a museum doesn't have pictures for sale
It is not possible that you can buy pictures in a museum because museums are not stores to buy things
It is not possible that he packed his clothes in a pen because pen is too small to hold clothes
It is not possible that he packed his clothes in a pen because a pen is far too small to put clothing inside it.
It is not possible that he packed his clothes in a pen because clothing doesn't go in a pen
It is not possible that she put her shirt on her feet because shirts are worn on the torso, not on feet
It is not possible that she put her shirt on her feet because shirts are typically not worn this way.
It is not possible that she put her shirt on her feet because shirt is to wear in upper body
It is not possible that he bought plate to cook food because no one can cook plate for food
It is not possible that he bought plate to cook food because plates cannot be cooked, they are for serving food.
It is not possible that he bought plate to cook food because plates cannot be cooked
It is not possible that i want to play football on my guitar because a guitar is for playing music
It is not possible that i want to play football on my guitar because football is played on a field or in a video game.
It is not possible that i want to play football on my guitar because play football is only on playground.
It is not possible that the student called his professors notes because you can't make a phone call to written words.
It is not possible that the student called his professors notes because you call people on the phone.
It is not possible that the student called his professors notes because he copied the notes.
It is not possible that mobiles are used to cleaning because mobile is a communicating device
It is not possible that mobiles are used to cleaning because mobiles do not have any cleaning capabilities.
It is not possible that mobiles are used to cleaning because mobiles do not clean.
It is not possible that a bed is used for watching television because a bed is an object specifically used for sleeping
It is not possible that a bed is used for watching television because tvs are often in the lounge and a bed is not
It is not possible that a bed is used for watching television because a bed is used for sleeping purpose
It is not possible that my friend drank sand in a glass because no one drinks sand like liquid.
It is not possible that my friend drank sand in a glass because you cannot drink sand
It is not possible that my friend drank sand in a glass because sand is not a liquid
It is not possible that she put a pie in the bathtub because you cannot bake a pie in the bathtub.
It is not possible that she put a pie in the bathtub because a pie does not belong in a bathtub
It is not possible that she put a pie in the bathtub because the bathtub is for washing up.
It is not possible that she was eating shoe because no one eats shoe
It is not possible that she was eating shoe because shoes cannot be eaten
It is not possible that she was eating shoe because shoe for wear on feet
It is not possible that she got into the bathtub to sleep because no one sleeps in a bathtub.
It is not possible that she got into the bathtub to sleep because bathtubs aren't for sleeping
It is not possible that she got into the bathtub to sleep because you can't sleep in bathtubs
It is not possible that she put a gorilla in the oven because a gorilla is to large to fit into an oven.
It is not possible that she put a gorilla in the oven because a gorilla doesn't fit in the oven
It is not possible that she put a gorilla in the oven because a gorilla wouldn't fit in the oven.
It is not possible that sunscreen is used during a rainy day because suncreen is used during a sunny day.
It is not possible that sunscreen is used during a rainy day because you do not need to be protected by the sun when it is not out.
It is not possible that sunscreen is used during a rainy day because you do not get sunburn when it rains
It is not possible that we can have a shower in the kitchen because shower will be done only in the bath room
It is not possible that we can have a shower in the kitchen because the water from a shower would ruin the kitchen.
It is not possible that we can have a shower in the kitchen because there is no shower in the kitchen.
It is not possible that food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn because refrigerators don't cook food
It is not possible that food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn because refrigerating food is preserved in cool temperatures while burning is hot.
It is not possible that food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn because refrigerators can't cook food.
It is not possible that the mall drove to jim because malls cannot drive
It is not possible that the mall drove to jim because malls are stationary.
It is not possible that the mall drove to jim because the mall cannot drive.
It is not possible that she heated up the water to make icecream because hot water would melt ice cream.
It is not possible that she heated up the water to make icecream because ice cream doesn't contain water
It is not possible that she heated up the water to make icecream because icecream is served cold.
It is not possible that a teddy is a weapon because teddies are soft and cannot cause injuries
It is not possible that a teddy is a weapon because teddys are soft and do not cause damage
It is not possible that a teddy is a weapon because a teddy cannot injure you.
It is not possible that a planet has a square shape because planets have a sphere shape due to the different forces around the volume
It is not possible that a planet has a square shape because planets are round because of the effect of gravity on their mass.
It is not possible that a planet has a square shape because all planets are round in shape
It is not possible that he put a cat in the freezer because cats are live and cannot be frozen.
It is not possible that he put a cat in the freezer because cat is a living thing
It is not possible that he put a cat in the freezer because the cat would be died in the freezer.
It is not possible that grass is orange because grass does not come in orange
It is not possible that grass is orange because the normal color of grass is green
It is not possible that grass is orange because grass is greem
It is not possible that plant can have buffalo for dinner because plant cannot eat land animal.
It is not possible that plant can have buffalo for dinner because plants do not have a mouth to eat.
It is not possible that plant can have buffalo for dinner because a plant does no eat dinners
It is not possible that the doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope because stethoscope is an instrument to measure heartbeat
It is not possible that the doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope because a stethoscope is used to listen to your heat beat.
It is not possible that the doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope because a stethoscope doesn't have a needle
It is not possible that my house is homosexual because houses don't have sexuality.
It is not possible that my house is homosexual because a house doesn't have a sexuality
It is not possible that my house is homosexual because houses are inanimate objects and thus are incapable of sexual desire.
It is not possible that you can buy cigarettes in bottles because cigarettes are always sold in small packages
It is not possible that you can buy cigarettes in bottles because cigarettes do not pack in bottles
It is not possible that you can buy cigarettes in bottles because cigarettes come in boxes.
It is not possible that eating lot of food makes you tall because people cant control their height by eating food
It is not possible that eating lot of food makes you tall because genetics makes you tall
It is not possible that eating lot of food makes you tall because height is determined by genetics.
It is not possible that adjectives are a part of pizza because pizza is not made of adjectives
It is not possible that adjectives are a part of pizza because pizza is made with food ingredients.
It is not possible that adjectives are a part of pizza because adjectives are a concept of language feature not an edible substance.
It is not possible that it rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass because without the rain all things we need to live would die.
It is not possible that it rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass because rain is good for the trees and the grass.
It is not possible that it rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass because rain is usually very good for plants.
It is not possible that if she is dead she will buy a new house because dead people can't do anything any more.
It is not possible that if she is dead she will buy a new house because no one dead for buy a new house
It is not possible that if she is dead she will buy a new house because a dead person can't buy real estate
It is not possible that the log jumped over a dog because logs cannot move
It is not possible that the log jumped over a dog because logs are not mobile
It is not possible that the log jumped over a dog because a log can not jump
It is not possible that she worked out the question on the calculator because a calculator cannot come up with questions
It is not possible that she worked out the question on the calculator because the calculator cannot work out the questions
It is not possible that she worked out the question on the calculator because questions do not need working out. they are already set
It is not possible that she hung an elevator on the wall because an elevator is too heavy to hang on the wall.
It is not possible that she hung an elevator on the wall because elevators are too heavy to be hung on a wall
It is not possible that she hung an elevator on the wall because an elevator would be nonoperational if hung on the wall.
It is not possible that 10% of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time because disordered people is not defined, statement is not factual.
It is not possible that 10% of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time because anxiety disorders affect around 10% of people at any one time.
It is not possible that 10% of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time because disordered people is not a classification of people.
It is not possible that boats sail on the sand because boats can not sail on sand as it is solid.
It is not possible that boats sail on the sand because the density of sand makes sailing impossible due to friction.
It is not possible that boats sail on the sand because sand is a solid substance.  a boat cannot sail on solid substances.
It is not possible that burglars are good people because burglars are banned from our society because they eliminate the things we have worked hard for
It is not possible that burglars are good people because burglars do something to harm people.
It is not possible that burglars are good people because burglers have a bad habit
It is not possible that i wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral because a rainbow bowtie is not appropriate attire
It is not possible that i wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral because because the funeral was for a clown.
It is not possible that i wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral because a rainbow bowtie would symbolize fun and excitement and not to be worn at a sad event like a funeral.
It is not possible that the students scolded the teacher because the students has no right to scold the teacher
It is not possible that the students scolded the teacher because the students are not allowed to scolded the teacher.
It is not possible that the students scolded the teacher because students are subordinate to teachers.
It is not possible that they switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme because a stove cannot display shows or programmes
It is not possible that they switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme because we are not able to watch programme in stove.
It is not possible that they switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme because a stove is used for cooking not watching programmes
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in oven because ice cream melts in oven
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in oven because ice cream would melt in the oven
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in oven because ovens warm things up.
It is not possible that she was frying the nuts in freezer because freezer makes things cold
It is not possible that she was frying the nuts in freezer because a freezer causes things to become cold and freeze.
It is not possible that she was frying the nuts in freezer because freezers are cold, frying is hot
It is not possible that learning a language is easy because languages are very difficult to muster, especially when you are old
It is not possible that learning a language is easy because languages can't be quickly learned.
It is not possible that learning a language is easy because leaning a language requires such a very long time.
It is not possible that michelle put a couch in the back of her car because a couch is larger than a car door
It is not possible that michelle put a couch in the back of her car because a couch is too big to fit in the back of a car
It is not possible that michelle put a couch in the back of her car because a couch is larger than the back seats of a car
It is not possible that you will find a shark in a mountain because sharks lives in the sea
It is not possible that you will find a shark in a mountain because sharks will be found only in sea not in mountain
It is not possible that you will find a shark in a mountain because sharks live in the sea
It is not possible that the ferry crossed the river on the car because a ferry cannot fit on a car.
It is not possible that the ferry crossed the river on the car because a ferry is much bigger than the car.
It is not possible that the ferry crossed the river on the car because a ferry is to big to fit on a car and a car cannot cross a river
It is not possible that the sun made my t-shirt wet because the sun does not emit water.
It is not possible that the sun made my t-shirt wet because the sun doesn't make you wet.
It is not possible that the sun made my t-shirt wet because the can't made the t-shirt wet.
It is not possible that she was swimming in hot oil because no one bath in hot oil
It is not possible that she was swimming in hot oil because you only swim in water
It is not possible that she was swimming in hot oil because it is impossible to swim in oil
It is not possible that bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car because you can not wear a car as a dress
It is not possible that bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car because a car would not fit in a ballroom
It is not possible that bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car because car is not wearable thing
It is not possible that eggs are usually used as cricket ball because egg will broke if we use to play cricket
It is not possible that eggs are usually used as cricket ball because eggs can not used as cricket ball.
It is not possible that eggs are usually used as cricket ball because eggs are too fragile
It is not possible that one thing you will see at a tyre change shop is a juice maker because juice makers are used for making fruit juices
It is not possible that one thing you will see at a tyre change shop is a juice maker because juice makers are usually in kitchens and not tyre change shops.
It is not possible that one thing you will see at a tyre change shop is a juice maker because tyre change shops have tools to change tyres.
It is not possible that umbrellas are good means of communication because umbrellas are used to cover from rain and sun
It is not possible that umbrellas are good means of communication because you can not communicate through an umbrella
It is not possible that umbrellas are good means of communication because umbrellas don't provide a means to communicate.
It is not possible that winter coats are helpful in summer because a winter coat will help protect from cold temperatures, not hot.
It is not possible that winter coats are helpful in summer because winter coats are too hot for summer
It is not possible that winter coats are helpful in summer because wearing a winter coat in summer would make you too hot.
It is not possible that he ate a mobile phone because mobile phone is not eatable
It is not possible that he ate a mobile phone because it is not possible to eat a mobile phone as they aren't food
It is not possible that he ate a mobile phone because mobile phones are not edible.
It is not possible that pencils contain a chocolate core because chocolate is not a good material for use in pencils
It is not possible that pencils contain a chocolate core because a pencil  does not have a chocolate core.
It is not possible that pencils contain a chocolate core because you cannot write with chocolate
It is not possible that he cut the cheese with axe because axe is used to cut wood
It is not possible that he cut the cheese with axe because an axe is too big to cut cheese with
It is not possible that he cut the cheese with axe because an axe is too big to be used to cut cheese
It is not possible that he took his family to restaurant for movie because restaurant does not play movies
It is not possible that he took his family to restaurant for movie because restaurants do not have movies
It is not possible that he took his family to restaurant for movie because restaurant for eating food and take rest
It is not possible that players play soccer with mountain shoes because mountain shoes are not meant to be played in sports due to its weight
It is not possible that players play soccer with mountain shoes because soccer players play on grass fields not in mountains.
It is not possible that players play soccer with mountain shoes because mountain shoes is not used to play soccer by the players.
It is not possible that his reflection was invisible in the mirror because there is no such thing as an invisible reflection.
It is not possible that his reflection was invisible in the mirror because a mirror shows a reflection
It is not possible that his reflection was invisible in the mirror because being invisible in a mirror would defy laws of physics.
It is not possible that he was eating spoon because no one eats spoon
It is not possible that he was eating spoon because spoons are not edible and are for consuming the food.
It is not possible that he was eating spoon because spoons are inedible.
It is not possible that i will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students because a table is not an instrument that can be played in front of students
It is not possible that i will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students because a table is a stationary object that is not played.
It is not possible that i will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students because a table is not a musical instrument, it cannot be played
It is not possible that a lathe is only for making table legs because you can do many things with a lathe.
It is not possible that a lathe is only for making table legs because lathe is a polymer material
It is not possible that a lathe is only for making table legs because a lathe can be used to shape many things
It is not possible that water is a drink with brown colour because water has got no color, it is transparent
It is not possible that water is a drink with brown colour because water is clear.  if it is brown, something is wrong and you shouldn't drink it.
It is not possible that water is a drink with brown colour because water is clear.
It is not possible that computer use people to make money because computer does not make money.
It is not possible that computer use people to make money because computer doesn't have a knowledge
It is not possible that computer use people to make money because a computer can not use a person
It is not possible that a policeman carries a sword because a sword wouldn't be effective in modern combat.
It is not possible that a policeman carries a sword because swords cannot be used as easily to stop criminals.
It is not possible that a policeman carries a sword because swords are large and cumbersome and cannot fire at range
It is not possible that boats can row people because boats have no capability to row people.
It is not possible that boats can row people because boats are inanimate objects that can't do anything, let alone to people.
It is not possible that boats can row people because boats are inanimate and can't complete actions on their own.
It is not possible that bridges are built to attract tourists because usually bridges are built to transportation
It is not possible that bridges are built to attract tourists because bridges are built for crossing
It is not possible that bridges are built to attract tourists because bridges are a form of necessary transport, not attractions to tourists.
It is not possible that he puts nails on his sandwich because nails cannot be eaten on a sandwich
It is not possible that he puts nails on his sandwich because a sandwich does not have nails on it.
It is not possible that he puts nails on his sandwich because nails can't be eaten
It is not possible that something you find in a living room is a cheetah because cheetah's do not live in living rooms
It is not possible that something you find in a living room is a cheetah because cheetahs are found in the wild and in zoos and it is forbidden to raise one at home.
It is not possible that something you find in a living room is a cheetah because a cheetah belongs outside
It is not possible that a fox is a bird because a fox can't fly
It is not possible that a fox is a bird because a fox has 4 legs and cannot fly.
It is not possible that a fox is a bird because a fox cannot fly.
It is not possible that he rubs the lotion on the basket because lotion is rubbed on people not baskets
It is not possible that he rubs the lotion on the basket because basket is used for playing manner not for rubs the lotion
It is not possible that he rubs the lotion on the basket because lotion is only suitable for human skin.
It is not possible that you are likely to meet a car accident inside home because people don't drive cars inside their home
It is not possible that you are likely to meet a car accident inside home because a car does not drive inside a house
It is not possible that you are likely to meet a car accident inside home because car accidents happen outside the home
It is not possible that no person would want to live with a cat because a cat is a pet while a rat is a pest
It is not possible that no person would want to live with a cat because there are many people who like cats and live with cats.
It is not possible that no person would want to live with a cat because a cat is a common pet
It is not possible that he read a wardrobe in rhe table because wardrobes cannot be read
It is not possible that he read a wardrobe in rhe table because wardrobes are too big to be put on a table
It is not possible that he read a wardrobe in rhe table because a wardrobe doesn't contain words
It is not possible that a small rat chases a grey cat away because cats are not afraid of rat, cats usually eat rat
It is not possible that a small rat chases a grey cat away because cats eat rats.
It is not possible that a small rat chases a grey cat away because rat doesn't eat cat
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store to have a surgery because you can't have a surgery at a clothing store.
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store to have a surgery because it is nonsensical because we don't go to the clothing store to have surgery.
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store to have a surgery because in the clothing store you can only get clothing items.
It is not possible that the keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on because keyboards do not splash when typed on
It is not possible that the keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on because keyboards are not made of liquid
It is not possible that the keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on because keyboard used for typing when we type the word sound should be click
It is not possible that chalk is a common food item at birthday parties because chalk is not a food item
It is not possible that chalk is a common food item at birthday parties because chalk used for write in board
It is not possible that chalk is a common food item at birthday parties because chalk is not a food item.
It is not possible that a fan is a baby kangaroo because fan has no family
It is not possible that a fan is a baby kangaroo because a fan is a device used to cool people off.
It is not possible that a fan is a baby kangaroo because kangaroo is a animal
It is not possible that he drove his car down the river because a car would sink into the river.
It is not possible that he drove his car down the river because cars do not work in water
It is not possible that he drove his car down the river because he tried to kill himself
It is not possible that cars have got ten wheels because normally, cars have got four wheels
It is not possible that cars have got ten wheels because cars only have 4 wheels
It is not possible that cars have got ten wheels because cars have got four wheels
It is not possible that he clicked the computer screen with dog because dog is not a computer peripheral
It is not possible that he clicked the computer screen with dog because click computer's with a mouse.
It is not possible that he clicked the computer screen with dog because a dog is not a computer accessory
It is not possible that she will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy because no one will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy
It is not possible that she will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy because she can not give birth after 2 months of pregnancy.
It is not possible that she will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy because pregnancy takes 9 months to create a baby in the womb.
It is not possible that a passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another because passports are only necessary for international travel.
It is not possible that a passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another because a passport isn't need to get into restaurants
It is not possible that a passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another because a passport is used for other country travel purposes
It is not possible that jonathan smells good when organic litter is near because organic litter is a smelling trash because it has already been used and it is rotting
It is not possible that jonathan smells good when organic litter is near because he could smell good when non-organic litter is near also
It is not possible that jonathan smells good when organic litter is near because a litter always smells bad.
It is not possible that a spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another because spaceships are for space, not earth.
It is not possible that a spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another because spaceship used for go to space
It is not possible that a spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another because spaceships are used in space, not water
It is not possible that he bought a gift for his friend's funeral because no one buys gift for a funeral
It is not possible that he bought a gift for his friend's funeral because gifts are given for celebrations.
It is not possible that he bought a gift for his friend's funeral because gift is used for good thing
It is not possible that she applied toothpaste on her face in summer because toothpaste is to clean teeth
It is not possible that she applied toothpaste on her face in summer because toothpaste is not used on a face
It is not possible that she applied toothpaste on her face in summer because toothpaste is used to brush your teeth.
It is not possible that seven quarters is equal to one whole because seven quarters is equal to more then one whole.
It is not possible that seven quarters is equal to one whole because seven quarters is equal to 1.75
It is not possible that seven quarters is equal to one whole because seven quarters is equal to more than 1 whole
It is not possible that phones grow on trees because phones are an artificial material that nature does not produce
It is not possible that phones grow on trees because phones are not fruit.
It is not possible that phones grow on trees because phones are produced in a factory.
It is not possible that permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon because permanent marker is very difficult to remove
It is not possible that permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon because permanent marker is permanent where as almost all crayons are made to be washable.
It is not possible that permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon because permanent market cannot be erased.
It is not possible that it is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam because universities admit only the students who pass in qualifying exam
It is not possible that it is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam because a university does not like failing grades on exams
It is not possible that it is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam because her failed in the qualification exam she doesn't get into university
It is not possible that he called his wife on her pen because pen is not a communication device
It is not possible that he called his wife on her pen because a person cannot call someone using a pen
It is not possible that he called his wife on her pen because pens are made to write things down.
It is not possible that she put a train in the car because a train is much larger than a car.
It is not possible that she put a train in the car because a train is too big to fit in a car
It is not possible that she put a train in the car because a train is too big to be inside a car.
It is not possible that the steel plank was floating on the lake because steel plank cannot float on water
It is not possible that the steel plank was floating on the lake because steel has greater density than water.
It is not possible that the steel plank was floating on the lake because steel does not float.  it would sink in a lake.
It is not possible that he stored rice in a pen drive because rice is not an electronic data
It is not possible that he stored rice in a pen drive because rice is stored in bags
It is not possible that he stored rice in a pen drive because pen drive used for software storage
It is not possible that an infant needs sun, water and soil in order to flourish because an infant has much different needs than a basil plant, and requires no soil to flourish.
It is not possible that an infant needs sun, water and soil in order to flourish because an infant does not require the same things as a basil plant to flourish
It is not possible that an infant needs sun, water and soil in order to flourish because infants are not grown in soil
It is not possible that i ride a leopard to work every day because leopards are not used as vehicles
It is not possible that i ride a leopard to work every day because a leopard is not a way to commute somewhere.
It is not possible that i ride a leopard to work every day because a leopard is too small to ride on
It is not possible that you can use a pool to place an elephant because elephants need air to breath and they cannot swim
It is not possible that you can use a pool to place an elephant because elephants normally aren't stored in pools.
It is not possible that you can use a pool to place an elephant because an elephant doesn't fit in a pool
It is not possible that he drove the truck from continent to continent because their is no way to continually drive to all continents.
It is not possible that he drove the truck from continent to continent because continent is a big
It is not possible that he drove the truck from continent to continent because a truck is not something that he can from continent to continent.
It is not possible that i walked on water because water cannot be walked on
It is not possible that i walked on water because humans can only swim in water
It is not possible that i walked on water because walker is liquid and can't be walked on
It is not possible that there are four mountains around the table because mountains need a great space and cannot be so close to a table
It is not possible that there are four mountains around the table because mountains are too big to be around a table
It is not possible that there are four mountains around the table because tables are usually placed in rooms, and there can't be mountains in rooms
It is not possible that the ant rode the bike because the ant is too small to ride a bike.
It is not possible that the ant rode the bike because an ant doesn't have legs long enough to ride a bike
It is not possible that the ant rode the bike because the ant is too small to ride the bike.
It is not possible that he checked time on his shoe because shoe cannot depict time
It is not possible that he checked time on his shoe because shoe doesn't show time
It is not possible that he checked time on his shoe because shoes do not provide a way to read the time
It is not possible that the criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library because a library is noted for housing books not criminals.
It is not possible that the criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library because library for reading books
It is not possible that the criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library because a library is where you go to read.  it does not have the ability, equipment, staff to take care of prisoners.
It is not possible that he was swimming in a ground because ground is a flat surface and has no water
It is not possible that he was swimming in a ground because you can not swim on land
It is not possible that he was swimming in a ground because the ground is solid
It is not possible that bill has got two islands in belgic because islands are too expensive for a single person to own
It is not possible that bill has got two islands in belgic because most people do not own islands
It is not possible that bill has got two islands in belgic because islands can't be located in belgic
It is not possible that the unicorn went down the hole because the unicorn does not exist.
It is not possible that the unicorn went down the hole because a unicorn is too big to fit in a hole
It is not possible that the unicorn went down the hole because unicorns don't exist.
It is not possible that my dog eats wood for dinner because wood is not edible and hence it is not given to a dog.
It is not possible that my dog eats wood for dinner because my dog would get sick if he ate wood.
It is not possible that my dog eats wood for dinner because wood is not a food
It is not possible that eating a lot of sand can cause obesity because sand is not metabolized by the body, and should not be eaten
It is not possible that eating a lot of sand can cause obesity because sand is not edible.
It is not possible that eating a lot of sand can cause obesity because sand is not edible
It is not possible that he waved hands at his bike because bike is not a human and no one waves at bike
It is not possible that he waved hands at his bike because bike doesn't understand another signal
It is not possible that he waved hands at his bike because bikes cannot wave back.
It is not possible that john parked his car in the bathroom because cars cannot be parked inside a room in the house
It is not possible that john parked his car in the bathroom because cars are too big to park in a bathroom
It is not possible that john parked his car in the bathroom because a car can not fit in a bathroom.
It is not possible that he was eating a book because no one eats book
It is not possible that he was eating a book because it is not common to eat books.
It is not possible that he was eating a book because books are not something that people eat.
It is not possible that a person must eat more meat to have a longer life because excessive meat intake causes health problems
It is not possible that a person must eat more meat to have a longer life because there is no proof that eating meat makes a person live longer.
It is not possible that a person must eat more meat to have a longer life because eating meat doesn't make a person live longer
It is not possible that he liked the food made by the dog because dog does not cook
It is not possible that he liked the food made by the dog because dogs do not make food
It is not possible that he liked the food made by the dog because dog can not prepare food
It is not possible that he got into the bathtub to sleep because no one sleeps in a bathtub.
It is not possible that he got into the bathtub to sleep because it is dangerous to fall asleep in the bathtub.
It is not possible that he got into the bathtub to sleep because a bathtub is not a bed
It is not possible that beef stew should be cooked at 3,250 degrees for 36 hours because this would incinerate the stew
It is not possible that beef stew should be cooked at 3,250 degrees for 36 hours because no oven cooks at that temperature.
It is not possible that beef stew should be cooked at 3,250 degrees for 36 hours because 3250 degrees are too hot for beef stew.
It is not possible that food eat her a lot because food does not eat people.
It is not possible that food eat her a lot because food is eaten, it does eat.
It is not possible that food eat her a lot because food is eaten.
It is not possible that you will always find windows on a building because some buildings don't have windows
It is not possible that you will always find windows on a building because there are some buildings that are built without windows.
It is not possible that you will always find windows on a building because buildings do not always have windows.
It is not possible that it is desirable to put children's in jail at the age of six because children's never get jailed because of their age
It is not possible that it is desirable to put children's in jail at the age of six because jail is not a place for children, it is dangerous
It is not possible that it is desirable to put children's in jail at the age of six because it is not good for children to put jail at the age of six
It is not possible that work is going to make money because work does not make money.
It is not possible that work is going to make money because some work is voluntary
It is not possible that work is going to make money because the noun work cannot make money
It is not possible that the student uses a wand to take the test because wands do  not exist only in movies
It is not possible that the student uses a wand to take the test because a wand can not write answers on a test
It is not possible that the student uses a wand to take the test because a wand is used for make-believe magical spells.
It is not possible that a purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades because roller blades are not something you carry with you.
It is not possible that a purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades because roller blades go on your feet for skating with.
It is not possible that a purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades because roller blades cannot be carried in a purse.
It is not possible that a kite is crying in the air because kite is a non living thing it cannot cry.
It is not possible that a kite is crying in the air because kites don't cry
It is not possible that a kite is crying in the air because kites are inanimate objects incapable of crying.
It is not possible that he went to theater to do a hair cut because theater is a place to watch movie
It is not possible that he went to theater to do a hair cut because theaters are too dark for cutting hair.
It is not possible that he went to theater to do a hair cut because theatres do not have haircutting equipment
It is not possible that when driving, it's important to keep both feet on the steering wheel because it would be unsafe and very difficult to drive with both feet on the steering wheel.
It is not possible that when driving, it's important to keep both feet on the steering wheel because your feet are used for the brake and gas pedal, not the steering wheel.
It is not possible that when driving, it's important to keep both feet on the steering wheel because your feet need to be on the gas and brake pedals while your hands are on the steering wheel.
It is not possible that he took his animal to a painter for treatment because painter is someone who paints and he cannot treat animals
It is not possible that he took his animal to a painter for treatment because a painter does not treat animals.
It is not possible that he took his animal to a painter for treatment because painters don't know how to take care of animals.
It is not possible that all men bite dogs because men doesn't bite animals
It is not possible that all men bite dogs because a man would be crazy to want to bite a dog.
It is not possible that all men bite dogs because men do not bite dogs.
It is not possible that the thief arrested the cops because a thief cannot arrest a cop
It is not possible that the thief arrested the cops because thieves run from cops
It is not possible that the thief arrested the cops because thieves try to avoid cops at all costs.
It is not possible that mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park because you cannot use a water slide to get a baby to the park
It is not possible that mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park because you cannot walk on a water slide
It is not possible that mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park because a water slide would not get you to the park with baby.
It is not possible that the school went to her because schools do not move
It is not possible that the school went to her because schools are in buildings.
It is not possible that the school went to her because a school is a building which cannot move towards a person.
It is not possible that he drives a steamship at his job in the stadium because no water is in the stadium.
It is not possible that he drives a steamship at his job in the stadium because steamship is a ship
It is not possible that he drives a steamship at his job in the stadium because steamship is only suitable driven on the sea.
It is not possible that he was eating grass because no one eats grass
It is not possible that he was eating grass because grass is not edible food
It is not possible that he was eating grass because grass is not something to eat
It is not possible that you would eat a horse because you are hungry because you would not eat a horse if you were hungry.
It is not possible that you would eat a horse because you are hungry because a horse is too big to be eaten and its meat is not used as food.due
It is not possible that you would eat a horse because you are hungry because a horse is too much to eat even when hungry
It is not possible that he travelled to europe by bird because you cannot travel by bird.
It is not possible that he travelled to europe by bird because a bird is not large enough to carry humans to help them travel.
It is not possible that he travelled to europe by bird because you cannot fly on a bird.
It is not possible that the man threw the garbage into his mouth because eating garbage is dangerous
It is not possible that the man threw the garbage into his mouth because garbage wouldn't be eaten
It is not possible that the man threw the garbage into his mouth because putting garbage into ones mouth would be highly unsanitary.
It is not possible that after throwing a ball upwards, it will keep going up because on earth, gravity usually brings objects back down
It is not possible that after throwing a ball upwards, it will keep going up because the ball weighs too much
It is not possible that after throwing a ball upwards, it will keep going up because balls will come down once thrown up
It is not possible that some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree because dogs are not able to jump between tree branches
It is not possible that some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree because dogs don't jump in trees
It is not possible that some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree because dogs do not climb trees.
It is not possible that the babies have careers because a baby can not have a career.
It is not possible that the babies have careers because babies do  not have careers.
It is not possible that the babies have careers because babies are too young to work.
It is not possible that people usually eat soups with knives because knives are flat and can't contain soup
It is not possible that people usually eat soups with knives because knives not suitable for eat soup
It is not possible that people usually eat soups with knives because soups can only be eaten with spoons
It is not possible that he unlocked the wall because walls don't have locks
It is not possible that he unlocked the wall because walls are solid
It is not possible that he unlocked the wall because a wall has no lock
It is not possible that she cooked rice in the bathtub because bathtubs are not for cooking food.
It is not possible that she cooked rice in the bathtub because a bathtub is used for taking a bath.
It is not possible that she cooked rice in the bathtub because bathtub used for bath
It is not possible that he gave her a rock for her birthday because a rock is not a good gift to give to somebody.
It is not possible that he gave her a rock for her birthday because rock cannot be a gift
It is not possible that he gave her a rock for her birthday because rocks do not make very nice gifts
It is not possible that he replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon because salmon does not work as a light bulb
It is not possible that he replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon because salmon is a food item
It is not possible that he replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon because salmon does not efficiently produce light when charged with electricity.
It is not possible that he put a nuclear plant on the roof because a nuclear plant is larger than a house
It is not possible that he put a nuclear plant on the roof because nuclear plant is big and also flammable
It is not possible that he put a nuclear plant on the roof because nuclear plants are large facilities that do not belong on roofs.
It is not possible that ten plus six equals ten because mathematics are not subjective and they follow rules that cannot be broken
It is not possible that ten plus six equals ten because you cannot add to ten and still equal ten.
It is not possible that ten plus six equals ten because ten plus six is 16, not ten
It is not possible that i ate a bike wheel because bike wheels are not food
It is not possible that i ate a bike wheel because bike wheels are not edible.
It is not possible that i ate a bike wheel because bike wheal is a metal
It is not possible that home auto cleans itself because your home cannot clean itself.
It is not possible that home auto cleans itself because home is thing so it cannot do anything itself.
It is not possible that home auto cleans itself because there is not technology available for homes to be self-cleaning.
It is not possible that the sailboat flew high into the sky because sailboats are found in the water, not the sky.
It is not possible that the sailboat flew high into the sky because the boat is made to swim not to flew high
It is not possible that the sailboat flew high into the sky because a sailboat can't fly
It is not possible that she walked over the house because houses are much bigger than people
It is not possible that she walked over the house because a house is too big to walk over
It is not possible that she walked over the house because houses are too tall to step over.
It is not possible that a paperclip cuts paper into pieces because a paper clip cannot cut paper.
It is not possible that a paperclip cuts paper into pieces because a paperclip holds papers together.
It is not possible that a paperclip cuts paper into pieces because a paperclip is not able to cut anything.
It is not possible that music feel alright with humans because music does not feel.
It is not possible that music feel alright with humans because music does not have feelings.
It is not possible that music feel alright with humans because sentient beings have feelings.
It is not possible that clothes wear me everyday because people commonly wear clothes, but clothes do not typically wear people.
It is not possible that clothes wear me everyday because clothes cant wear us only we wear clothes
It is not possible that clothes wear me everyday because clothes are put on by humans
It is not possible that the students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected because plumbing is a different profession which does not deal with students and their education.
It is not possible that the students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected because the plumber  can not correct the student's the assignment.
It is not possible that the students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected because a plumber works on plumbing.  he could not fix a students assignment.
It is not possible that he was watching his favorite show in oven because oven is for cooking and cannot play media content
It is not possible that he was watching his favorite show in oven because ovens don't show tv.
It is not possible that he was watching his favorite show in oven because an oven is not a place he watches his shows.
It is not possible that the horse barked at the dog because horses do not make a barking sound
It is not possible that the horse barked at the dog because the dogs only barks not horse
It is not possible that the horse barked at the dog because horses neigh, and do not bark
It is not possible that she used a banana to call her mother because a banana can't be used to make a phone call, it's a fruit that you eat
It is not possible that she used a banana to call her mother because bananas cannot call people
It is not possible that she used a banana to call her mother because banana is a fruit
It is not possible that he caught a fishing rod with a fish because a fish cannot be used to catch things like a fishing rod
It is not possible that he caught a fishing rod with a fish because a fishing rod is much bigger than a fish
It is not possible that he caught a fishing rod with a fish because fish are caught on rods
It is not possible that girls have three boobs because every girl has to have two boobs due to biology
It is not possible that girls have three boobs because a healthy human girl has only two
It is not possible that girls have three boobs because females do not normally have three breasts.
It is not possible that the chef cooked food on speaker because speaker is an electronic device to produce sound and cannot cook food
It is not possible that the chef cooked food on speaker because a speaker does not cook food
It is not possible that the chef cooked food on speaker because speakers don't produce enough heat to cook food.
It is not possible that he was playing a shoe because no one plays with shoe because it is not a game
It is not possible that he was playing a shoe because a shoe is not something you play
It is not possible that he was playing a shoe because a shoe is not an instrument.
It is not possible that the doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope because stethoscope is used to listen to heartbeat
It is not possible that the doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope because a stethoscope is meant to check your heart
It is not possible that the doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope because a stethoscope is to hear heart and breath.
It is not possible that they were catching fish in the cooker because fish does not live in cooker
It is not possible that they were catching fish in the cooker because live fish can't be caught in cookers
It is not possible that they were catching fish in the cooker because fish do not live in cookers.
It is not possible that students teach teachers because students learn and teachers teach
It is not possible that students teach teachers because a student does not teach.
It is not possible that students teach teachers because teachers do not need teaching
It is not possible that he was drinking cake to quench his thirst because cake is not liquid to drink
It is not possible that he was drinking cake to quench his thirst because you can not drink a cake
It is not possible that he was drinking cake to quench his thirst because a cake is not a liquid and can't be drunk
It is not possible that he was washing his car with sandpaper because sandpaper will ruin the paint on the car
It is not possible that he was washing his car with sandpaper because sandpaper will not help wash a car
It is not possible that he was washing his car with sandpaper because sandpaper makes scratch on car
It is not possible that he was doing exercise in fridge because fridge is not a place to do exercise and he cannot fit inside fridge
It is not possible that he was doing exercise in fridge because the fridge is for keeping food cold, not exercise.
It is not possible that he was doing exercise in fridge because fridge is not a place to do exercise.
It is not possible that protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival because irrelevant matters have nothing to do with survival.
It is not possible that protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival because irrelevant matters don't matter
It is not possible that protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival because if matters are irrelevant then they are not necessary for survival.
It is not possible that he sent an email from his fridge because fridge cannot be used to send email
It is not possible that he sent an email from his fridge because a refrigerator is incapable of sending email messages.
It is not possible that he sent an email from his fridge because a fridge is to store food.
It is not possible that john likes to have arsenic after dinner because arsenic is poisonous.
It is not possible that john likes to have arsenic after dinner because arsenic is poisonous.
It is not possible that john likes to have arsenic after dinner because arsenic is poisonous
It is not possible that he saw a lion web because lion does not build web
It is not possible that he saw a lion web because lion web is not web
It is not possible that he saw a lion web because a lion does no make a web
It is not possible that the man hit a football for a home run because a home run is baseball not football.
It is not possible that the man hit a football for a home run because a home run is a term used in baseball.  a football is not used in baseball.
It is not possible that the man hit a football for a home run because a football is not used in baseball.
It is not possible that she ate dirt for breakfast because people don't eat dirt because it tastes bad.
It is not possible that she ate dirt for breakfast because dirt is not suitable for breakfast
It is not possible that she ate dirt for breakfast because dirt is not something you eat for breakfast
It is not possible that at night sunlight show their path because at night there wont be sun to get sunlight
It is not possible that at night sunlight show their path because the sun is not out at night.
It is not possible that at night sunlight show their path because the sun does not shine at night
It is not possible that the weather is so hot that it began to snow because the heat would melt the snow.
It is not possible that the weather is so hot that it began to snow because it snows in cold weather, not in hot weather.
It is not possible that the weather is so hot that it began to snow because snow requires cold weather to form.
It is not possible that door on the sewing machine. a door is too because hard and big for a sewing machine.
It is not possible that door on the sewing machine. a door is too because you can not sew a door
It is not possible that door on the sewing machine. a door is too because doors are made of wood, a material that a sewing machine cannot utilize.
It is not possible that water is unwanted thing to body because water is main particle in body
It is not possible that water is unwanted thing to body because water is most essential thing for body.
It is not possible that water is unwanted thing to body because water is the most present element in a body
It is not possible that an antelope is docked at the pier because an antelope is an animal, not a boat.
It is not possible that an antelope is docked at the pier because antelopes are animals and docking is something that a ship would do.
It is not possible that an antelope is docked at the pier because an antelope belongs on land
It is not possible that a dog wags its tail to call its mom because dogs cant use phones
It is not possible that a dog wags its tail to call its mom because a tail makes no sound when it wags.
It is not possible that a dog wags its tail to call its mom because dogs can't communicate with their tail.
It is not possible that she was wearing spoon for bad eyes because spoon is an utensil which has nothing to do with eye
It is not possible that she was wearing spoon for bad eyes because spoon is used for eat not for eyes
It is not possible that she was wearing spoon for bad eyes because spoons are used for eating, not for wearing.
It is not possible that the driver started the car engine with pen because pen is an object to write
It is not possible that the driver started the car engine with pen because a pen can not start a car
It is not possible that the driver started the car engine with pen because a pen doesn't start engines
It is not possible that 12345 are the first letters of a standard english keyboard because 12345 are numbers
It is not possible that 12345 are the first letters of a standard english keyboard because 12345 are not letters
It is not possible that 12345 are the first letters of a standard english keyboard because 12345 are numbers not letters
It is not possible that bears eat benches because benches are not a food
It is not possible that bears eat benches because benches are for sitting and have no nutritious values that would appeal to a bear.
It is not possible that bears eat benches because benches are not food
It is not possible that i let the tiger drive my car because tigers cannot drive cars.
It is not possible that i let the tiger drive my car because tigers are animals that can't drive a car
It is not possible that i let the tiger drive my car because a tiger cannot drive a car
It is not possible that he was playing cards game with his bike because no one can play games with bike as its not a person
It is not possible that he was playing cards game with his bike because bikes are vehicles.
It is not possible that he was playing cards game with his bike because bike doesn't play with human
It is not possible that the terrorist arrested the military because terrorist cant able to arrest military.
It is not possible that the terrorist arrested the military because terrorists don't arrest anyone, they cause mayhem and destruction.
It is not possible that the terrorist arrested the military because one single person can't arrest the whole military.
It is not possible that a doctor examines fruit because a doctor studies the human illnesses
It is not possible that a doctor examines fruit because doctors examine people, not fruit
It is not possible that a doctor examines fruit because doctor examines body only
It is not possible that he poured a tall glass of mud because you wouldn't drink a glass of mud
It is not possible that he poured a tall glass of mud because mud is a mixer of sand
It is not possible that he poured a tall glass of mud because it is not usual to fill a glass with mud
It is not possible that his neighbor has donated his sweat because sweat cannot be donated whereas hardwork can be given
It is not possible that his neighbor has donated his sweat because sweat isn't able to be donated
It is not possible that his neighbor has donated his sweat because your neighbor is a good person
It is not possible that the  mat sat on the cat because a mat is inanimate and therefore can't sit on anything.
It is not possible that the  mat sat on the cat because mats cannot sit
It is not possible that the  mat sat on the cat because a mat can not sit
It is not possible that he put the books in the wine cellar because books are not bottles of wine
It is not possible that he put the books in the wine cellar because books go on a shelf.
It is not possible that he put the books in the wine cellar because books aren't stored in wine cellars
It is not possible that he put the chair on the room because is is non-sensical to put an object "on" a room
It is not possible that he put the chair on the room because a room is much bigger than the chair
It is not possible that he put the chair on the room because chairs go in rooms not on them.
It is not possible that i like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time because pebbles are small stones which cannot be eaten
It is not possible that i like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time because pebbles cannot be eaten
It is not possible that i like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time because pebbles is used for playing purposes
It is not possible that he wrote with a car because a car is not a writing tool
It is not possible that he wrote with a car because cars don't have the ability to write
It is not possible that he wrote with a car because a car cannot be used for writing and it is too big.
It is not possible that he wore a spoon because spoon is not a cloth
It is not possible that he wore a spoon because spoons are utensils used for eating food, not for use as clothing.
It is not possible that he wore a spoon because a spoon is not usually worn.
It is not possible that the baby played with fire because fire is dangerous for a baby to play with.
It is not possible that the baby played with fire because fire would injure the baby.
It is not possible that the baby played with fire because fire isn't a toy.
It is not possible that the universe is limited like a box because the universe hasn't been fully discovered.
It is not possible that the universe is limited like a box because the universe is not limited.
It is not possible that the universe is limited like a box because the universe is not a object to holds in the box
It is not possible that he likes to wear blouse because boys do not wear blouse
It is not possible that he likes to wear blouse because typically men don't wear blouses
It is not possible that he likes to wear blouse because blouses are designed for women to wear.
It is not possible that a refrigerator generates electricity because a refrigerator is for keeping the items cold
It is not possible that a refrigerator generates electricity because a refrigerator uses electricity
It is not possible that a refrigerator generates electricity because refrigerator used for cooling process
It is not possible that the people are quietly shouting because shouting creates noise and it is usually loud
It is not possible that the people are quietly shouting because you can't shout and be quiet at the same time.
It is not possible that the people are quietly shouting because when someone shouts it is loud.
It is not possible that a pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce because a pillow factory will only have materials for pillows.
It is not possible that a pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce because pillow factories produce pillows, they do not sell produce.
It is not possible that a pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce because a pillow factory only produces pillow, not fresh product.
It is not possible that a game is meant simply to be viewed because a video game is to interact
It is not possible that a game is meant simply to be viewed because a game is meant to be played
It is not possible that a game is meant simply to be viewed because game is playable
It is not possible that he used a handkerchief to cover the bed because a bed is much much larger than a handkerchief
It is not possible that he used a handkerchief to cover the bed because a handkerchief is too small to cover a bed
It is not possible that he used a handkerchief to cover the bed because a handkerchief is too small to cover a bed.
It is not possible that printers print in black paper because if paper were black, the ink would not be seen
It is not possible that printers print in black paper because you print documents to read them.
It is not possible that printers print in black paper because you could not see anything if black paper was used for printing
It is not possible that ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples because with ships teleportation is not possible
It is not possible that ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples because teleportation of materials or people is not possible yet
It is not possible that ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples because ships are used for transportation
It is not possible that people who catch criminals for living are called fishermen because people who catch criminals for living are called police officers
It is not possible that people who catch criminals for living are called fishermen because people who catch criminals for a living are called cops or police
It is not possible that people who catch criminals for living are called fishermen because fishermen are catching fish
It is not possible that we need to breath twinkies to live because twinkies are not essential to life and cannot be inhaled
It is not possible that we need to breath twinkies to live because twinkies can not help you breath.
It is not possible that we need to breath twinkies to live because you eat twinkies
It is not possible that he pluck the flower from the stone because stone does not bore flower
It is not possible that he pluck the flower from the stone because flowers don't typically grow from stones.
It is not possible that he pluck the flower from the stone because flowers don't grow on stones
It is not possible that clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years because clothes are still worn, and mostly considered mandatory
It is not possible that clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years because cloth is wearable
It is not possible that clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years because the clothes are much bigger than in the previous years
It is not possible that he ate a tomato from the dirt because tomatoes are held in fridges to be conserved
It is not possible that he ate a tomato from the dirt because nobody would eat tomato from the dirt.
It is not possible that he ate a tomato from the dirt because tomatoes are not eaten from the ground
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the sun revolves around its own axis
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the earth revolves around the sun
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the sun is the center of the solar system, many planets go around the sun
It is not possible that a cat was driving the car because cat is an animal and cannot drive
It is not possible that a cat was driving the car because cats are not capable of driving
It is not possible that a cat was driving the car because animals cannot drive a car.
It is not possible that it was raining and he was holding the mountain because no one can hold a mountain
It is not possible that it was raining and he was holding the mountain because mountain is big
It is not possible that it was raining and he was holding the mountain because mountains are stationary and can't be picked up
It is not possible that people built temple to watch movies because temple is not a place to watch movies and no one plays movie there
It is not possible that people built temple to watch movies because temple is not a place to show movies.
It is not possible that people built temple to watch movies because people don't watch movies in temple
It is not possible that we always go to hospital and play during school holidays because hospital is a place to treat sick people and not a place to play
It is not possible that we always go to hospital and play during school holidays because hospital for take treatment not for playing
It is not possible that we always go to hospital and play during school holidays because a hospital is a place of business not a place to play
It is not possible that a car is a musical instrument because a car is a motor vehicle used for travel
It is not possible that a car is a musical instrument because a car does not make music
It is not possible that a car is a musical instrument because a car is a vehicle
It is not possible that a caterpillar ate a dog because a caterpillar is to small to eat a dog.
It is not possible that a caterpillar ate a dog because a caterpillar is too small to eat a dog.
It is not possible that a caterpillar ate a dog because a caterpillar is too small to eat a dog
It is not possible that most families have their own train because only railway services own trains
It is not possible that most families have their own train because a train is not practical for a most families to own
It is not possible that most families have their own train because most families can't afford a train.
It is not possible that we can eat a football because a football is not something to eat
It is not possible that we can eat a football because footballs are not edible.
It is not possible that we can eat a football because football is not a food
It is not possible that a mat is made of iron because no one uses a mat of iron
It is not possible that a mat is made of iron because a mat is soft, and iron is hard.
It is not possible that a mat is made of iron because mats are usually made of cloth, not iron
It is not possible that silver is for making food because silver is a metal not edible
It is not possible that silver is for making food because if silver is making for food its injurious to our health
It is not possible that silver is for making food because you cannot eat silver.
It is not possible that she made a doll with oil because oil is not a hard substance to make a doll.
It is not possible that she made a doll with oil because oil is not solid
It is not possible that she made a doll with oil because oil is liquid, you can not make a doll out of it.
It is not possible that if a person wants to exercise, they go to a pizza parlor because a pizza parlor wouldn't have workout equipment, and sells fattening food.
It is not possible that if a person wants to exercise, they go to a pizza parlor because a pizza parlor is not a good place to exercise.
It is not possible that if a person wants to exercise, they go to a pizza parlor because pizza parlors do not have exercise equipment.
It is not possible that we can play cricket with the basket ball because basket ball is very big in size and used to play basket ball game
It is not possible that we can play cricket with the basket ball because a basket ball is too big for cricket
It is not possible that we can play cricket with the basket ball because a basket ball is too big to be used for playing cricket
It is not possible that you would learn a language because i need to travel because if i need to travel i would only learn the language
It is not possible that you would learn a language because i need to travel because the person that needs to travel should learn the language, because they are the one who will need to use it.
It is not possible that you would learn a language because i need to travel because you learning would not help me.
It is not possible that she can see a ship in the pond because usually a pond can not accommodate a ship
It is not possible that she can see a ship in the pond because a pond is too small for a ship.
It is not possible that she can see a ship in the pond because ship will sail on sea, pond is small area .
It is not possible that he listened to the music on the belt because belt is a fashion accessory
It is not possible that he listened to the music on the belt because a belt ties around a person's waist and does not make any sound.
It is not possible that he listened to the music on the belt because a belt does not play music
It is not possible that the pen ran out of mayonnaise because pens do not contain mayonnaise
It is not possible that the pen ran out of mayonnaise because pens use ink to write.
It is not possible that the pen ran out of mayonnaise because the pen only contains ink.
It is not possible that he asked his dog to help in his office work because dog is an animal and does not understand our language and cannot help in our office work
It is not possible that he asked his dog to help in his office work because dogs are animals and they can't help with work in an office.
It is not possible that he asked his dog to help in his office work because dogs can't help with work.
It is not possible that she took the wardrobe out of the clothes because a wardrobe would not fit into clothes because it is much bigger
It is not possible that she took the wardrobe out of the clothes because a wardrobe holds clothes.
It is not possible that she took the wardrobe out of the clothes because wardrobes are not inside clothes.
It is not possible that you can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router because removing your teeth will have no effect on wifi signal
It is not possible that you can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router because teeth have no affect on a wifi signal
It is not possible that you can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router because wifi signal is used for communication and on line purposes not for teeth
It is not possible that he paid the bill with his nose because nose is a part of body and not a monetary thing
It is not possible that he paid the bill with his nose because a nose is useful to help you identify a scent.
It is not possible that he paid the bill with his nose because nose can't be used to pay bills.
It is not possible that a barber shop is for dining out because a barber shop is not a restaurant.
It is not possible that a barber shop is for dining out because barbers do not sell food
It is not possible that a barber shop is for dining out because a barber shop doesn't have food
It is not possible that lightning is seen after thunder because light travels faster than sound
It is not possible that lightning is seen after thunder because lightning comes before thunder
It is not possible that lightning is seen after thunder because thunder is heard after lightning is seen.
It is not possible that people jump from building to avoid stairs because jumping from buildings is injurious to health
It is not possible that people jump from building to avoid stairs because people do not jump from buildings
It is not possible that people jump from building to avoid stairs because people use lift in a building to avoid stairs
It is not possible that he was painting the house with spoon because spoon is an utensil and cannot be used to paint
It is not possible that he was painting the house with spoon because a spoon isn't a paintbrush
It is not possible that he was painting the house with spoon because a spoon is not the tool for painting
It is not possible that a lion is something you will find at a mall because lions lives in forests and zoos
It is not possible that a lion is something you will find at a mall because malls are not usually a place to find lions.
It is not possible that a lion is something you will find at a mall because forest is not a mall
It is not possible that the chicken laid a dog because dog is not born for chicken
It is not possible that the chicken laid a dog because a dog is to big for a chicken to lay!
It is not possible that the chicken laid a dog because chickens lay eggs.
It is not possible that a man went to the pool and deposited cash because pools are for swimming and not for depositing cash
It is not possible that a man went to the pool and deposited cash because you may pay to use a pool but it is not a place to have an account for depositing money.
It is not possible that a man went to the pool and deposited cash because you can't deposit cash in a pool.
It is not possible that many americans can eat at toll booths because food is not served at toll booths.
It is not possible that many americans can eat at toll booths because toll booths don't serve food.
It is not possible that many americans can eat at toll booths because toll booths do not sell food.
It is not possible that my favorite fruit is meat because fruits like apple have seeds but meats are seedless.
It is not possible that my favorite fruit is meat because meat isn't a fruit
It is not possible that my favorite fruit is meat because meat is the flesh of animals and not a product of plants.
It is not possible that the policeman gave him a reward for speeding because speeding is against the law, you wouldn't be rewarded for it.
It is not possible that the policeman gave him a reward for speeding because speeding is wrong and should not be rewarded
It is not possible that the policeman gave him a reward for speeding because police officers do not reward drivers for breaking the law.
It is not possible that george went to the basement to get some sun because the is no sun in the basement
It is not possible that george went to the basement to get some sun because the sun shines outdoors.
It is not possible that george went to the basement to get some sun because since basements are found under a building, sunlight cannot reach there.
It is not possible that he was so sad that he couldn't stop smiling because people don't smile when they are sad.
It is not possible that he was so sad that he couldn't stop smiling because feel sad we couldn't smile
It is not possible that he was so sad that he couldn't stop smiling because people do not smile when they are sad.
It is not possible that he wore cooker to protect his head because cooker is to cook food
It is not possible that he wore cooker to protect his head because a cooker is not an object to be used as head protective gear
It is not possible that he wore cooker to protect his head because a cooker is meant for cooking
It is not possible that we can see stars at day because stars can be seen only at night
It is not possible that we can see stars at day because due to the bright sunlight stars cannot be seen during the day.
It is not possible that we can see stars at day because it is too bright to see stars during the day
It is not possible that about fifty people get in to a car because a car cannot accommodate more than five people
It is not possible that about fifty people get in to a car because a car can only hold up to seven or eight people, depending on the car.
It is not possible that about fifty people get in to a car because fifty people would not fit in a car.
It is not possible that the two children threw a knife back and forth because they would likely hurt themselves if they threw a knife back and forth.
It is not possible that the two children threw a knife back and forth because the knife must not be thrown back and forth
It is not possible that the two children threw a knife back and forth because a knife is not a child's toy
It is not possible that staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey because drinking whiskey is not good for health
It is not possible that staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey because staying healthy requires drinking more water
It is not possible that staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey because drinking whiskey is not healthy.
It is not possible that he wore glasses for finger because glasses cannot be worn on finger
It is not possible that he wore glasses for finger because glasses are used to improve eyesight.
It is not possible that he wore glasses for finger because glasses correct vision and fingers do not see.
It is not possible that he murdered the fridge with rifle because fridge is not a living thing
It is not possible that he murdered the fridge with rifle because a fridge is not a person, you cannot murder it.
It is not possible that he murdered the fridge with rifle because the fridge is not alive.
It is not possible that english is a universal bird because english is a language
It is not possible that english is a universal bird because english is a language
It is not possible that english is a universal bird because english is not a bird
It is not possible that books are suppose to eat because books are made up of papers, paper can't eat
It is not possible that books are suppose to eat because books can't be digested
It is not possible that books are suppose to eat because a book is not a living thing that eats
It is not possible that he checked the time in his pen because pen is an object to write
It is not possible that he checked the time in his pen because a pen can only write and cannot show the time.
It is not possible that he checked the time in his pen because pen doesn't show time
It is not possible that she went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding because you can't get ready for a wedding in a bookstore.
It is not possible that she went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding because you can't get ready for a wedding in a bookstore
It is not possible that she went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding because you don't need books for a wedding
It is not possible that the dog was chasing his wings because dogs do not have wings
It is not possible that the dog was chasing his wings because dogs can't fly
It is not possible that the dog was chasing his wings because dogs do not have wings.
It is not possible that he went outside and put on his shoes because shoes should be worn before leaving the house
It is not possible that he went outside and put on his shoes because shoes used for go outside
It is not possible that he went outside and put on his shoes because people wear shoes to protect their feet from the outdoors, the shoes would be put on before.
It is not possible that the horse barked because he heard people walking down the street because horses aren't able to bark like dogs.
It is not possible that the horse barked because he heard people walking down the street because horses do not bark they neigh.
It is not possible that the horse barked because he heard people walking down the street because a horse does not bark.  a horse neighs.-
It is not possible that he poured coffee into pizza because pizza isn't suitable for drinking coffee.
It is not possible that he poured coffee into pizza because pizza is not a container for liquids.
It is not possible that he poured coffee into pizza because pizza is a solid food
It is not possible that she went to library to watch a movie because a movie cannot be seen in a library.
It is not possible that she went to library to watch a movie because because the library was showing classic movies that day.
It is not possible that she went to library to watch a movie because a movie is watched at a movie theater and a library is for studying/reading, etc.
It is not possible that water in solid form is liquid because a liquid cannot be in a solid form.
It is not possible that water in solid form is liquid because liquid and solid is different status of water.
It is not possible that water in solid form is liquid because liquids and solids are different forms.
It is not possible that an ant is smaller then an atom because atoms are much smaller then ants.
It is not possible that an ant is smaller then an atom because an atom is very tiny element in the earth.
It is not possible that an ant is smaller then an atom because an atom is much smaller than an ant
It is not possible that you would apply for volunteer work because you want money because volunteers do not get paid
It is not possible that you would apply for volunteer work because you want money because volunteer work doesn't pay
It is not possible that you would apply for volunteer work because you want money because volunteering is labor for free.
It is not possible that driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat because steering wheel and other controls are not accessible from the rearmost seat
It is not possible that driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat because the bus driver can't steer the bus from the back.
It is not possible that driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat because the driver couldn't see the traffic at the back or use the steering wheel etc
It is not possible that the fridge wants to go through the door because a fridge is not a sentient creature and cannot want anything.
It is not possible that the fridge wants to go through the door because a fridge is an electrical appliance.
It is not possible that the fridge wants to go through the door because the fridge cannot move.
It is not possible that he went to blood bank to eat food because blood bank is the place to collect blood and store for treatment and is not a place serving food
It is not possible that he went to blood bank to eat food because you do not usually get food at a blood bank.
It is not possible that he went to blood bank to eat food because food is served in restaurants.
It is not possible that he was travelling to office in his cooker because cooker is not a vehicle
It is not possible that he was travelling to office in his cooker because cooker is not transport vehicle to travel office
It is not possible that he was travelling to office in his cooker because cookers are not a vehicle
It is not possible that cyclists ride a zebra in a competition because a zebra is an animal that is not allowed to mount
It is not possible that cyclists ride a zebra in a competition because cyclists can't ride a zebra in a competition.
It is not possible that cyclists ride a zebra in a competition because zebra's cannot be ridden.  cyclists ride bikes
It is not possible that the pilot was flying the bike because bike cannot fly
It is not possible that the pilot was flying the bike because bikes can not fly.
It is not possible that the pilot was flying the bike because a bike is not a flying vehicle.
It is not possible that she put a giraffe in the fridge because a giraffe is much taller than the fridge.
It is not possible that she put a giraffe in the fridge because giraffe is an animal not fruit to put in the fridge
It is not possible that she put a giraffe in the fridge because a giraffe is too large to fit in a fridge
It is not possible that a car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard because a blender is not a necessary part of a car.
It is not possible that a car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard because a blender doesn't help a car run
It is not possible that a car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard because blender is not part of car
It is not possible that the newly married couple gave birth to a dog because dog cannot be born for human being
It is not possible that the newly married couple gave birth to a dog because the newly married couple can't birth to a dog.
It is not possible that the newly married couple gave birth to a dog because couples cant give birth to dogs
It is not possible that the military ordered the president to attack because the military cannot order the president
It is not possible that the military ordered the president to attack because only the president can order an attack.
It is not possible that the military ordered the president to attack because the president commands the military.
It is not possible that a man drink beer in a hospital because hospital is for treatment of patient
It is not possible that a man drink beer in a hospital because a hospital does not allow drinking beer in them
It is not possible that a man drink beer in a hospital because most hospitals ban alcohol on the premises.
It is not possible that they were playing football in the fridge because fridge is not a place
It is not possible that they were playing football in the fridge because food goes in the fridge.
It is not possible that they were playing football in the fridge because people do not fit into refrigerators, let alone play football.
It is not possible that my nose is stuffed with ham because ham can not be stuffed in my nose.
It is not possible that my nose is stuffed with ham because ham does not belong in a nose
It is not possible that my nose is stuffed with ham because it is uncommon to have ham in your nose.
It is not possible that she washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil because hair oil cannot be used to wash hair but to moisturize it
It is not possible that she washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil because a hair oil is not something that you wash everyday.
It is not possible that she washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil because oil does not clean hair
It is not possible that she drank air from her water-bottle because you cannot (usually) drink air as it is in gas form
It is not possible that she drank air from her water-bottle because you breathe air, not drink it
It is not possible that she drank air from her water-bottle because air is not a liquid and can't be drunk
It is not possible that since my friend is a recovering  alcoholic, she only drinks wine at restaurants because recovering alcoholics do not drink beverages with alcohol, thus she cannot order an alcoholic beverage like wine.
It is not possible that since my friend is a recovering  alcoholic, she only drinks wine at restaurants because recovering alcoholics stay completely sober.
It is not possible that since my friend is a recovering  alcoholic, she only drinks wine at restaurants because wine is also a alcohol that can't be used as a recovering alcoholic by his friend.
It is not possible that he went to helmet to watch movie because helmet is not a place to watch movie
It is not possible that he went to helmet to watch movie because movies don't play in helmets
It is not possible that he went to helmet to watch movie because helmets don't typically play movies nor are they places you visit.
It is not possible that he made real contact lenses with match sticks because contact lenses must be easy to see through
It is not possible that he made real contact lenses with match sticks because contact lenses cannot be made from wood which is what match sticks are made of.
It is not possible that he made real contact lenses with match sticks because putting wood in your eyes would be very dangerous.
It is not possible that the kitten ran through the sun because there are no kittens on the sun.
It is not possible that the kitten ran through the sun because the sun is too hot to run through and survive.
It is not possible that the kitten ran through the sun because you cannot run through a hot ball of gas
It is not possible that gunpowder can burn for hours because gunpowder burns rapidly in seconds
It is not possible that gunpowder can burn for hours because gunpowder doesn't have a wick
It is not possible that gunpowder can burn for hours because gunpowder burns very fast
It is not possible that she put a crocodile into the fridge because crocodile is much longer than fridge
It is not possible that she put a crocodile into the fridge because a crocodile is to big to big to fit in a fridge
It is not possible that she put a crocodile into the fridge because a crocodile is too big to fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that stacey wanted to have some fun, so she went to church because church is a place for praying and contemplation, not fun
It is not possible that stacey wanted to have some fun, so she went to church because church is not for fun it is a praying hall
It is not possible that stacey wanted to have some fun, so she went to church because church is not a place for fun
It is not possible that weapons are used in marriage because weapons have no use in marriage, its not a threat
It is not possible that weapons are used in marriage because marriage is not supposed to be violent.
It is not possible that weapons are used in marriage because people do not harm each other in a marriage
It is not possible that tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup because you can't get soup from a job interview
It is not possible that tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup because nobody gets paid in food when they work at a job.
It is not possible that tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup because jobs don't typically pay employees with soup.
It is not possible that he withdrew pen from the bank because a bank doesn't deal with pens
It is not possible that he withdrew pen from the bank because you do not store a pen at the bank to withdrawal
It is not possible that he withdrew pen from the bank because banks allow a person to withdraw money not pens.
It is not possible that i will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal because a club has no antenatal medical personnel on duty.
It is not possible that i will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal because a club is not a place for antenatal.
It is not possible that i will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal because a club doesn't have the medical instruments to perform an antenatal
It is not possible that he deposited money in the restaurant because restaurant is not finance institution
It is not possible that he deposited money in the restaurant because you may pay for the food in a restaurant but it is not a deposit.
It is not possible that he deposited money in the restaurant because money is deposited at a bank
It is not possible that my wall is african american because walls do not have a race.
It is not possible that my wall is african american because african american is a ethnicity not a color
It is not possible that my wall is african american because a wall cannot be a person.
It is not possible that a library contains tons of drinks because libraries do not have drinks in them because they are not made for the purpose of drinking
It is not possible that a library contains tons of drinks because library contains books only not drinks
It is not possible that a library contains tons of drinks because library only contains books.
It is not possible that the lion won in the election because lion is an animal
It is not possible that the lion won in the election because a lion can not run in an election
It is not possible that the lion won in the election because lions cannot run for office
It is not possible that dogs like eating vegetables because dogs are carnivorous
It is not possible that dogs like eating vegetables because dogs prefer not to eat vegetables
It is not possible that dogs like eating vegetables because dogs like eating meats
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because you cannot access a supermarkets in a car.
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because you cannot drive a car in a supermarket.
It is not possible that she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries because supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside.
It is not possible that he wrote a letter to his wife on a stove because stove is not a writable thing and we cannot write anything on stove with pen
It is not possible that he wrote a letter to his wife on a stove because a stove does not provide a way to write on it
It is not possible that he wrote a letter to his wife on a stove because you cannot write on the stove
It is not possible that he used an eraser to write in a paper because an eraser is used to erase something written in a paper
It is not possible that he used an eraser to write in a paper because erasers rub out write marks.
It is not possible that he used an eraser to write in a paper because eraser doesn't write
It is not possible that she killed an octopus when she went hunting because octopi are not found when hunting.
It is not possible that she killed an octopus when she went hunting because we don't hunt in the water, we fish in it.
It is not possible that she killed an octopus when she went hunting because octopuses don't live in the forest where people usually go hunting.
It is not possible that you find wood in tears because tears are composed by water, not wood
It is not possible that you find wood in tears because tears are made of liquid and not wood
It is not possible that you find wood in tears because wood is a material
It is not possible that i buy paper towels and put them in the fridge because paper towels are a paper product. the moisture in the fridge will make them wet and ruin them.
It is not possible that i buy paper towels and put them in the fridge because paper towels are tear able
It is not possible that i buy paper towels and put them in the fridge because the fridge is for food, and towels are not food.
It is not possible that a lion is a type of bird because a lion is a mammalian in the scientific community
It is not possible that a lion is a type of bird because a lion is a savanna cat from africa.
It is not possible that a lion is a type of bird because lion is a animal
It is not possible that he was playing games on his headphones because headphones cannot run games software
It is not possible that he was playing games on his headphones because headphones don't have games on them
It is not possible that he was playing games on his headphones because very angry shooting games
It is not possible that weightlifters do not use weights when lifting because the definition of weightlifter is someone who lifts objects of varying mass, without objects (weights) you can not be a weightlifter.
It is not possible that weightlifters do not use weights when lifting because weights are used by weightlifters
It is not possible that weightlifters do not use weights when lifting because a weightlifter uses weights
It is not possible that chickens can fly long distances because chickens can fly span distances
It is not possible that chickens can fly long distances because chickens do not fly far off of the ground.
It is not possible that chickens can fly long distances because chickens can only fly short distances
It is not possible that we turn the ac on because we like to push buttons because the ac was made to keep us cool not just to push buttons.
It is not possible that we turn the ac on because we like to push buttons because an ac is not something that we push buttons on.
It is not possible that we turn the ac on because we like to push buttons because ac units are meant to cool things down, not to be used as a toy.
It is not possible that he mowed the car in the morning because the car does not need to be mowed.
It is not possible that he mowed the car in the morning because cars cannot be mowed
It is not possible that he mowed the car in the morning because car is used for driving manner
It is not possible that she put an indian in the oven because you cannot cook an indian.
It is not possible that she put an indian in the oven because you can't put people in ovens
It is not possible that she put an indian in the oven because an indian is a man who is too big to be put inside an oven.
It is not possible that the street kicked the ball down because a street cannot kick a ball.
It is not possible that the street kicked the ball down because a street does not have the ability to kick.
It is not possible that the street kicked the ball down because streets cannot kick.
It is not possible that the waiter brought a silver spoon to eat because no one eat silver spoon as food.
It is not possible that the waiter brought a silver spoon to eat because a silver spoon is too hard to eat.
It is not possible that the waiter brought a silver spoon to eat because a silver spoon is used to eat the food with it.
It is not possible that he used warm clothing for sunbathing because you can't wear clothes for sunbathing
It is not possible that he used warm clothing for sunbathing because warm clothes are worn when it is too cold to sunbathe
It is not possible that he used warm clothing for sunbathing because people don't wear warm clothes when they're sunbathing.
It is not possible that the dog was running in the sky because it's impossible for a dog to run in the sky
It is not possible that the dog was running in the sky because running requires a solid surface.
It is not possible that the dog was running in the sky because dogs can only run on the ground.
It is not possible that my cat is as big as elephant because there is no cat as big as elephant.
It is not possible that my cat is as big as elephant because cats are small animals.
It is not possible that my cat is as big as elephant because cats are smaller than elephants.
It is not possible that hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city because hybrid cars use electricity in the city and they pollute less than gasoline does
It is not possible that hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city because because hybrid cars emit less co2
It is not possible that hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city because hybrid cars use less fuel than regular cars
It is not possible that corn grows on trees because corn grows on stalks from the ground.
It is not possible that corn grows on trees because corns grows on cobs
It is not possible that corn grows on trees because corn does not grown on trees
It is not possible that she have wolf pet named muffin because wolf cannot be pet
It is not possible that she have wolf pet named muffin because wolf aren't domesticated animals and can't be pets
It is not possible that she have wolf pet named muffin because muffin means small so its suitable for cat
It is not possible that a total of 2000 lions enrolled into the university of portsmouth this year because any lion found in any university premises other than the university zoo will pose as a danger to the university.
It is not possible that a total of 2000 lions enrolled into the university of portsmouth this year because lions do not go to college.  they are animals
It is not possible that a total of 2000 lions enrolled into the university of portsmouth this year because a lion can not enroll into a university
It is not possible that it is tuna day because tuna is a food friday is a day.
It is not possible that it is tuna day because tuna is not a day
It is not possible that it is tuna day because tuna is a fish and not a day of the week.
It is not possible that he went to the super market to buy parents because parents are relations by blood and are not things sold in super market
It is not possible that he went to the super market to buy parents because he cannot buy parents in the super markets.
It is not possible that he went to the super market to buy parents because parents aren't sold at supermarkets, you are born with them.
It is not possible that i went inside the mirror because a person cannot go inside a mirror.
It is not possible that i went inside the mirror because you cannot go inside a mirror
It is not possible that i went inside the mirror because you can not go inside a mirror, it is one dimensional.
It is not possible that television watch him daily because television cannot watch someone
It is not possible that television watch him daily because the television is not alive, so it can't watch him.
It is not possible that television watch him daily because television doesn't have eyes
It is not possible that cats are commonly kept as dogs because cats and dogs are two different kinds of animals.
It is not possible that cats are commonly kept as dogs because cats and dogs are separate animal types.
It is not possible that cats are commonly kept as dogs because cats are different animals than dogs
It is not possible that a hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep because coffee wakes you up.
It is not possible that a hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep because coffee has caffeine that keeps you awake
It is not possible that a hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep because coffee keeps people awake
It is not possible that the girl rides the dog because a human can not ride a dog.
It is not possible that the girl rides the dog because dogs are not ridden
It is not possible that the girl rides the dog because dog doesn't ride
It is not possible that cockroaches are white insects because cockroaches that inhabit the soil are a type of insect with many legs and black or brown
It is not possible that cockroaches are white insects because cockroaches are dark-colored.
It is not possible that cockroaches are white insects because cockroaches are dark in color
It is not possible that if you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station because you can go to a police station to report a crime not for shopping
It is not possible that if you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station because shopping is for personal purposes not for official purposes
It is not possible that if you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station because police station does not  have a shopping thing
It is not possible that the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast because pot roast is a dish people prepare for lunch or dinner
It is not possible that the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast because pot roasts are usually cooked for dinner not breakfast as it is not the right type of food for breakfast.
It is not possible that the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast because a pot roast is usually for dinner
It is not possible that he needs to close his eyes to stop talking because we talk with our mouth.
It is not possible that he needs to close his eyes to stop talking because you don't use your eyes to speak
It is not possible that he needs to close his eyes to stop talking because closing eye does not relate to talking
It is not possible that my friend brushed her hair with a knife because no one brushes their hair with a knife.
It is not possible that my friend brushed her hair with a knife because a knife would not be a good tool to brush your hair with.
It is not possible that my friend brushed her hair with a knife because a knife is much sharper than a brush.
It is not possible that the girl has severe blue skin in public because any human does not have blue skin.
It is not possible that the girl has severe blue skin in public because human skin is not blue
It is not possible that the girl has severe blue skin in public because being in public does not cause blue skin
It is not possible that senators serve drinks to thirsty customers because senators do not have customers.
It is not possible that senators serve drinks to thirsty customers because senators are politicians
It is not possible that senators serve drinks to thirsty customers because bartenders serve drinks to thirsty customers
It is not possible that the grass is purple when it rains because grass can not be purple unless you purposely die it purple.
It is not possible that the grass is purple when it rains because grass is always looks green
It is not possible that the grass is purple when it rains because grass is not purple.
It is not possible that the little boy ate the tree because a tree is not an edible food.
It is not possible that the little boy ate the tree because trees are not edible
It is not possible that the little boy ate the tree because the tree would be too large and too hard for a boy to eat.
It is not possible that i have a flying car because flying cars do not exist yet.
It is not possible that i have a flying car because car's can't fly as they don't have wings.
It is not possible that i have a flying car because flying cars don't exist.
It is not possible that a snow scraper is needed to power on the car because a snow scraper would only be needed if it were snowed, but not for power on the car
It is not possible that a snow scraper is needed to power on the car because snow scrapers remove snow from cars.
It is not possible that a snow scraper is needed to power on the car because a snow scraper is used to scrape snow, not power cars
It is not possible that he kept a cow on the shelf because a cow does not fit on a shelf
It is not possible that he kept a cow on the shelf because cows are too large to fit on a shelf.
It is not possible that he kept a cow on the shelf because a cow is to big and heavy to be on a shelf
It is not possible that to cook pasta you need poison because poison will harm or even kill you.
It is not possible that to cook pasta you need poison because you do not cook with poison unless you want to kill someone.
It is not possible that to cook pasta you need poison because poison is not a food ingredient.
It is not possible that there was a horse hissing at a snake because horses do not hiss.
It is not possible that there was a horse hissing at a snake because horses neigh.
It is not possible that there was a horse hissing at a snake because a horse does not hiss
It is not possible that there are never any sundays in july because july usually has 4 sundays each month according to the calendar.
It is not possible that there are never any sundays in july because july has sundays.
It is not possible that there are never any sundays in july because there are several weeks in a month and sundays in every week
It is not possible that you can put beans in a can if you squash them at night because beans are hard unless cooked first.
It is not possible that you can put beans in a can if you squash them at night because you can put beans in a can without squashing them.
It is not possible that you can put beans in a can if you squash them at night because if you squash beans they become puree.
It is not possible that if you want to give something you should destroy it because if you have to give something you should have it, not that you destroy it.
It is not possible that if you want to give something you should destroy it because you cannot give something that has been destroyed
It is not possible that if you want to give something you should destroy it because if you destroy something, it is not usable.  you would give something you destroyed.
It is not possible that sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving because alcohol in blood badly impact on driving ability
It is not possible that sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving because alcohol impairs your driving skills
It is not possible that sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving because alcohol impairs judgment and reaction which are both necessary to drive safely.
It is not possible that boo is what a ghost says on labor day because ghost are not on labor day .
It is not possible that boo is what a ghost says on labor day because ghosts are not associated with labor day
It is not possible that boo is what a ghost says on labor day because ghosts are not associated with labor day, they are associated with halloween and horror.
It is not possible that lungs are in the head because lungs are in the chest
It is not possible that lungs are in the head because head don't contain the lungs
It is not possible that lungs are in the head because lungs can't be in the head.
It is not possible that water contains alcohol because beer is mainly made of water, but also contains a small bit of alcohol depending on the brand
It is not possible that water contains alcohol because water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen molecules.
It is not possible that water contains alcohol because water does not contains chemical
It is not possible that you can find pen and paper in the bathroom because you wouldn't keep a pen and paper in the bathroom
It is not possible that you can find pen and paper in the bathroom because a bathroom does not have writing supplies
It is not possible that you can find pen and paper in the bathroom because in the bathroom you would find hygiene articles but not stationary.
It is not possible that oranges are purple, dry and sweet because oranges are fruit with juice inside, not dry and not purple in color.
It is not possible that oranges are purple, dry and sweet because oranges have the color orange
It is not possible that oranges are purple, dry and sweet because oranges are not purple or dry.
It is not possible that he opened the door with pen because pen is an object to write and does not open door
It is not possible that he opened the door with pen because pen used for write
It is not possible that he opened the door with pen because you cannot usually open a door with a pen.
It is not possible that i saw a baby carrying a man because a baby cannot carry a man since she is much smaller and weaker than a man and hence does not have the strength to do it.
It is not possible that i saw a baby carrying a man because a baby isn't strong or largest enough to carry a man
It is not possible that i saw a baby carrying a man because men are too heavy for babies to carry
It is not possible that he is driving the tree because a tree is not a vehicle
It is not possible that he is driving the tree because a tree does not have wheels or a motor
It is not possible that he is driving the tree because trees are rooted in the ground and aren't mobile.
It is not possible that money is cultivated in fields because money cannot be cultivated
It is not possible that money is cultivated in fields because money is made in a building
It is not possible that money is cultivated in fields because money can't be grown
It is not possible that he ate a large knife because one cannot eat a knife
It is not possible that he ate a large knife because knife is a metal
It is not possible that he ate a large knife because knives aren't food
It is not possible that she collected stones to build a bonfire because with stones we can not build a bonfire
It is not possible that she collected stones to build a bonfire because stones don't burn.
It is not possible that she collected stones to build a bonfire because stones are not flammable
It is not possible that he puts the paint in his mouth because you can not eat paint
It is not possible that he puts the paint in his mouth because paint is used for design purposes
It is not possible that he puts the paint in his mouth because paint is not something that he puts in his mouth.
It is not possible that tom eats the newspaper because people are not supposed to eat newspaper.
It is not possible that tom eats the newspaper because a newspaper is not edible
It is not possible that tom eats the newspaper because newspapers are not typically things people eat.
It is not possible that dogs are tall animals because dogs will never be as large as a giraffe.
It is not possible that dogs are tall animals because there are many animals taller than dogs
It is not possible that dogs are tall animals because dogs are short animals
It is not possible that you can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block because concrete is not transparent and will cover the picture.
It is not possible that you can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block because concrete block is too heavy
It is not possible that you can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block because you wouldn't be able to see a picture through a concrete block.
It is not possible that the school went to a jail because schools do not go to jails.
It is not possible that the school went to a jail because criminals go to jail
It is not possible that the school went to a jail because a jail is not a suitable place for children.
It is not possible that the king is a queens pet because a king is never a pet,a king is always the person in charge.
It is not possible that the king is a queens pet because humans can't be pets.
It is not possible that the king is a queens pet because pets are animals not humans.
It is not possible that a beach is higher than a valley because beaches level of height is zero whereas mountains will always be higher
It is not possible that a beach is higher than a valley because beaches are at sea level which can be lower than a valley.
It is not possible that a beach is higher than a valley because a beach is close to the sea
It is not possible that celery is a well-loved dessert because celery is not usually a dessert.
It is not possible that celery is a well-loved dessert because celery cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that celery is a well-loved dessert because celery not a dessert
It is not possible that he boiled the water on fridge because fridge makes the things cool
It is not possible that he boiled the water on fridge because fridge only cool the water
It is not possible that he boiled the water on fridge because you cannot boil water in or on a fridge.
It is not possible that a coat is made of paper because paper is not a material from which you can make a coat
It is not possible that a coat is made of paper because paper will not protect against the rain
It is not possible that a coat is made of paper because paper is to thin to make a coat out of.  it would evaporate in the rain.
It is not possible that you need a waffle maker to call someone because waffle makers are used to cook waffles.
It is not possible that you need a waffle maker to call someone because a waffle maker does not have the electronics/ability to make calls.
It is not possible that you need a waffle maker to call someone because a waffle maker is used to make waffles.
It is not possible that people ride bikes to travel far in a short time because riding a bike is very tiring and cannot be done for long lengths
It is not possible that people ride bikes to travel far in a short time because bikes travel slowly.
It is not possible that people ride bikes to travel far in a short time because compared to driving a car or other vehicles a bike is slow and takes longer time.
It is not possible that the dog went inside a can of dog food because a dog will not fit inside a can of dog food.
It is not possible that the dog went inside a can of dog food because a dog would not fit in a can of dog food.
It is not possible that the dog went inside a can of dog food because dogs are too big to go inside a can
It is not possible that she put a cobra in her handbag because cobras are dangerous and no one will keep them in a handbag
It is not possible that she put a cobra in her handbag because cobras are reptiles that go in cages.
It is not possible that she put a cobra in her handbag because a cobra is to dangerous to keep in a handbag.
It is not possible that people can ride a goat at summer because it is prohibited to ride a goat since that is animal violence
It is not possible that people can ride a goat at summer because a goat is to small to be ridden.
It is not possible that people can ride a goat at summer because goats are too small to ride
It is not possible that he took his bicycle to the doctor for repair because doctor treats people and not bicycle
It is not possible that he took his bicycle to the doctor for repair because doctors do not repair bicycles, only repairs shops for bicycles do that.
It is not possible that he took his bicycle to the doctor for repair because mechanic only repair the the bicycle
It is not possible that there was a house made of paper because there are no houses made of paper.
It is not possible that there was a house made of paper because houses can't be built in paper
It is not possible that there was a house made of paper because can not live in a house made of paper.
It is not possible that lina put a fish in the toaster because fish is not suitable for the toaster .
It is not possible that lina put a fish in the toaster because a fish does not belong in a toaster
It is not possible that lina put a fish in the toaster because a fish would create a stink if put into the toaster.
It is not possible that there was a whale flying in the sky because whales do not fly.
It is not possible that there was a whale flying in the sky because whale is only live in sea not in sky
It is not possible that there was a whale flying in the sky because a whale cannot fly as it does not have wings.
It is not possible that she rubbed trash on her face because no one uses trash to put on makeup.
It is not possible that she rubbed trash on her face because trash is dirty and smells bad.
It is not possible that she rubbed trash on her face because people don't rub trash on their face.
It is not possible that he went to science laboratory to play cricket because cricket should be played in play ground and laboratory is an indoor place
It is not possible that he went to science laboratory to play cricket because he would play cricket outside.
It is not possible that he went to science laboratory to play cricket because you cannot play cricket indoors
It is not possible that the family takes a family vacation to space because it is impossible to take family trips to space.
It is not possible that the family takes a family vacation to space because a family vacation to space would be too expensive for an average family.
It is not possible that the family takes a family vacation to space because space travel doesn't exist
It is not possible that cancer causes smoking because cancer causes death not smoking
It is not possible that cancer causes smoking because cancer is often caused by smoking.
It is not possible that cancer causes smoking because smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer
It is not possible that ryan is calling his mom with the radio because radios don't make phone calls.
It is not possible that ryan is calling his mom with the radio because you cannot call someone with a radio.
It is not possible that ryan is calling his mom with the radio because can not send communications on your radio.
It is not possible that a fire can be extinguished using wood because wood is flammable, and wouldn't put out a fire.
It is not possible that a fire can be extinguished using wood because wood fuels fire
It is not possible that a fire can be extinguished using wood because wood will act as a fuel to a fire.
It is not possible that the temperature is high in antarctica because antarctica is usually a very cold place.
It is not possible that the temperature is high in antarctica because antarctica is covered in ice.
It is not possible that the temperature is high in antarctica because antarctica is cold
It is not possible that she was eating a chair because ice cream is eatable by human beings, chairs are not
It is not possible that she was eating a chair because she cannot eat a chair
It is not possible that she was eating a chair because chairs are made on inedible materials.
It is not possible that he ate dinner at a laundry because a laundry is for washing clothes
It is not possible that he ate dinner at a laundry because you can not eat at a laundry, as laundry is not a noun.
It is not possible that he ate dinner at a laundry because laundries don't typically serve food.
It is not possible that to be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday because you need to be eating vegetables to be healthy, so you need to get them, not give
It is not possible that to be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday because giving some vegetables will not make you healthy.
It is not possible that to be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday because who eat vegetable they only live healthy
It is not possible that the boy happily chewed a piece of glass because glass is too hard to be happily chewed.
It is not possible that the boy happily chewed a piece of glass because glass make a pain when chewed
It is not possible that the boy happily chewed a piece of glass because glass will cause bleeding if chewed.
It is not possible that she goes flying in the pool because you can not fly in a pool.
It is not possible that she goes flying in the pool because a pool is too small to fly in
It is not possible that she goes flying in the pool because people cannot fly.
It is not possible that an opera is a type of party because there are types of parties, but operas are not generally regarded as a party
It is not possible that an opera is a type of party because an opera is a show
It is not possible that an opera is a type of party because opera is a formal affair where people sit and watch
It is not possible that angela called the commercials because she was at risk because the commercials cannot help people at risk in any case
It is not possible that angela called the commercials because she was at risk because commercials are for buying products.
It is not possible that angela called the commercials because she was at risk because you can call an entity and a commercial is not an entity.
It is not possible that we ate a house for lunch because a house cannot be eaten for lunch.
It is not possible that we ate a house for lunch because house is not a food.
It is not possible that we ate a house for lunch because houses are for living in not eating.
It is not possible that there was an elephant inside the can because an elephant is too big to get into a can.
It is not possible that there was an elephant inside the can because elephants won't fit in cans
It is not possible that there was an elephant inside the can because elephants cannot fit into cans
It is not possible that part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them because toasters don't need to be walked.
It is not possible that part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them because a toaster does not walk.
It is not possible that part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them because a toaster doesn't have legs so it can't be walked
It is not possible that he put an electric fan on painting because electric fan cannot be used in painting.
It is not possible that he put an electric fan on painting because a electric fan is put on a plain surface and is likely to ruin a painting.
It is not possible that he put an electric fan on painting because electric fans do not go on paintings.
It is not possible that sun makes the earth cold because sun is hot and makes the earth warm not cold
It is not possible that sun makes the earth cold because the sun is very hot.
It is not possible that sun makes the earth cold because the sun provides radiation which heats up earth
It is not possible that the boy throws a pig because boys can not throw pigs,
It is not possible that the boy throws a pig because a pig is a live animal and it's not supposed to be thrown
It is not possible that the boy throws a pig because a pig is too heavy for a boy to throw and inhumane
It is not possible that the bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue because you do not go to  bars to adjust a hygiene issue.
It is not possible that the bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue because bar is not a sacred place to have hygiene
It is not possible that the bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue because the bar is used when you are thirsty
It is not possible that my snake enjoys singing in the shower because snakes are unable to sing.
It is not possible that my snake enjoys singing in the shower because the snake cannot sing.
It is not possible that my snake enjoys singing in the shower because snakes don't sing
It is not possible that she loves to eat a boat because a boat is not a food.
It is not possible that she loves to eat a boat because boats are made of wood and metal
It is not possible that she loves to eat a boat because boats are made to travel across water, not to be eaten.
It is not possible that you can find bricks in a groceries store because a groceries store does not sell materials for building a house
It is not possible that you can find bricks in a groceries store because bricks are not food and can't be found at grocery stores
It is not possible that you can find bricks in a groceries store because groceries store sell food but bricks are not food.
It is not possible that you will find ships at an airport because ships are found only at sea and seaports
It is not possible that you will find ships at an airport because airports do not have water.
It is not possible that you will find ships at an airport because ships are found in the water
It is not possible that she died from a finger touch because you can not die from someone touching you with a finger.
It is not possible that she died from a finger touch because a finger cannot kill someone
It is not possible that she died from a finger touch because touch does not kill people
It is not possible that you find mouses in a school because if there are mouses in a school, they are exterminated immediately to not affect the correct functioning of the school
It is not possible that you find mouses in a school because mouses is a animal
It is not possible that you find mouses in a school because you find students in a school
It is not possible that generally people sleep during day because generally people work in day time
It is not possible that generally people sleep during day because daytime is when people are awake
It is not possible that generally people sleep during day because people are usually awake during the day
It is not possible that being alone is usually very funny for dogs because dogs are friendly and like being around people
It is not possible that being alone is usually very funny for dogs because dogs do not like to be alone
It is not possible that being alone is usually very funny for dogs because dogs do not find humor in being alone.
It is not possible that raccoons often read picture books because raccoons don't actually read books.
It is not possible that raccoons often read picture books because raccoons cant read
It is not possible that raccoons often read picture books because raccoons are wild animals.
It is not possible that he went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger because during fishing one catch only fish
It is not possible that he went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger because tigers are big cats and cannot be caught whilst fishing.
It is not possible that he went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger because a tiger is a land animal and does not live in a river.
It is not possible that golfers play athleticism because the word golfers comes from the game "golf" and consequently, can only be used when playing golf
It is not possible that golfers play athleticism because athleticism is a skill/attribute not a sport.
It is not possible that golfers play athleticism because athletic people are golfers.
It is not possible that you can park a truck in a parking lot because truck usually have got specific parking lots for them
It is not possible that you can park a truck in a parking lot because because truck is too big than motorbike.
It is not possible that you can park a truck in a parking lot because you can park a motorbike in a parking lot
It is not possible that her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park because it's not possible to swim in a skate park.
It is not possible that her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park because a skate park does not have water to swim in
It is not possible that her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park because you can't swim in a skate park
It is not possible that he kicked an anvil into the post because anvils are not made to play ball.
It is not possible that he kicked an anvil into the post because an anvil is too heavy to kick.
It is not possible that he kicked an anvil into the post because anvil is a heavy iron block
It is not possible that a cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock because guns are not used to fire rocks
It is not possible that a cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock because rocks cannot be fired from guns
It is not possible that a cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock because guns fire bullets, not rocks.
It is not possible that there was a mammoth in the zoo because mammoths are extinct.
It is not possible that there was a mammoth in the zoo because there cannot be the mammoth in a zoo.
It is not possible that there was a mammoth in the zoo because mammoths are extinct
It is not possible that john drove his car to the moon after dinner because a person can't drive a car to the moon
It is not possible that john drove his car to the moon after dinner because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that john drove his car to the moon after dinner because you can not drive a car to the moon
It is not possible that all mountains are in river because river cant occupy mountains
It is not possible that all mountains are in river because mountains do not fit in rivers.
It is not possible that all mountains are in river because rivers do not contain mountains
It is not possible that the woman flies in a box because you can not fly in boxes.
It is not possible that the woman flies in a box because boxes are not designed for flight.
It is not possible that the woman flies in a box because when people fly they sit on a chair.
It is not possible that money is low demand to live because money is essential to live a life.
It is not possible that money is low demand to live because most people want more money
It is not possible that money is low demand to live because how wil lone pay for food and bills if they have no money
It is not possible that doctor arrested the criminal because doctor is someone who practice medicine and does not handle crime
It is not possible that doctor arrested the criminal because doctors save lives through medicine they don't enforce laws.
It is not possible that doctor arrested the criminal because doctors do not arrest people
It is not possible that i went to the cinema to pick up my eye prescription because eye prescription can be gotten from an eye hospital.
It is not possible that i went to the cinema to pick up my eye prescription because because doctor is not present at cinema
It is not possible that i went to the cinema to pick up my eye prescription because cinemas do not give out eye prescriptions
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you go to see a movie, is buy popcorn because you would not buy popcorn after you have already seen the movie.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you go to see a movie, is buy popcorn because the first thing you do when to see movie is to buy popcorn
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you go to see a movie, is buy popcorn because popcorn is not something you buy as the last thing when you go to see a movie.
It is not possible that he needs to play hard to pass in the examination because to perform well in the examination he needs to study hard
It is not possible that he needs to play hard to pass in the examination because playing doesn't help in passing examinations
It is not possible that he needs to play hard to pass in the examination because study only help to pass the exam not play
It is not possible that he filled water in a pen because pen is an object used to write and cannot store water
It is not possible that he filled water in a pen because a pen has no place to store water in it.
It is not possible that he filled water in a pen because water does not belong in a pen
It is not possible that he cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven because oven is a cooking device and cannot be used to watch tv show
It is not possible that he cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven because oven doesn't show recipe
It is not possible that he cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven because ovens do not show recipes.
It is not possible that the girl ate a diamond because people can't eat diamonds.
It is not possible that the girl ate a diamond because diamond cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that the girl ate a diamond because diamonds are the hardest things on earth and they have low nutritional value.
It is not possible that he put a fly in the fridge because flies are smaller than fridges.
It is not possible that he put a fly in the fridge because flies carry disease and will spoil food
It is not possible that he put a fly in the fridge because food goes in the fridge, and a fly is not food.
It is not possible that you can drive your car to a boat because a car cannot float the sea by itself
It is not possible that you can drive your car to a boat because boats go in the water, while cars do not.
It is not possible that you can drive your car to a boat because we cant drive car on the water
It is not possible that during war soldiers started texting to enemy because at war texting to enemy is foolish thing to do
It is not possible that during war soldiers started texting to enemy because soldiers wouldn't text their opponents they are battling with, they would kill them.
It is not possible that during war soldiers started texting to enemy because texting is not helping win a war
It is not possible that his car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic because a car is an inanimate object and is unable to dance.
It is not possible that his car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic because a car can not dance
It is not possible that his car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic because cars do not dance
It is not possible that before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol because drinking alcohol before driving is forbidden and dangerous
It is not possible that before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol because alcohol impairs thinking
It is not possible that before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol because alcohol is injurious to our health
It is not possible that we eat dinner in the afternoon because dinner is generally the last of the meals when there is almost no sun
It is not possible that we eat dinner in the afternoon because dinner time is typically in the evening.
It is not possible that we eat dinner in the afternoon because eating in the afternoon is called lunch
It is not possible that she let her dog drive her car because a dog cannot drive a car
It is not possible that she let her dog drive her car because dog doesnot suitable for drvie the car
It is not possible that she let her dog drive her car because dog does not drive car
It is not possible that jhone have a pet tiger because tiger cant be a pet its a wild animal
It is not possible that jhone have a pet tiger because tigers are vicious animals and can be very dangerous.
It is not possible that jhone have a pet tiger because a tiger is to dangerous to have as a pet.
It is not possible that if ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike because a motorbike sinks in the sea
It is not possible that if ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike because motorbikes don't sail the sea
It is not possible that if ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike because motorbikes do not sail in water
It is not possible that you can go for swimming in a basketball court because a basketball court does not have water to swim
It is not possible that you can go for swimming in a basketball court because basketball court is for playing only not for swimming
It is not possible that you can go for swimming in a basketball court because a basketball court is flat and has no water to swim in
It is not possible that she went to the beacg to watch a new movie because new movies are warched at the movies.
It is not possible that she went to the beacg to watch a new movie because new movies are not shown at the beacg
It is not possible that she went to the beacg to watch a new movie because beach is not a place where you watch a new movie.
It is not possible that he was driving the car on the sea because car cannot float on water
It is not possible that he was driving the car on the sea because cars cannot drive on water
It is not possible that he was driving the car on the sea because you can not drive on water
It is not possible that sports are a great way to create people because sports do not create people.
It is not possible that sports are a great way to create people because people are created by procreation
It is not possible that sports are a great way to create people because sports never create people
It is not possible that biting on the computer is easy because you do not bite the computer.
It is not possible that biting on the computer is easy because computer is a machine
It is not possible that biting on the computer is easy because the computer is not edible.
It is not possible that aliens write books because there are no aliens on earth
It is not possible that aliens write books because aliens don't exist
It is not possible that aliens write books because to date no book on earth has been published with an alien author as far as we know.
It is not possible that he killed a man with cotton candy because cotton candy is a soft material which cannot be used as a weapon.
It is not possible that he killed a man with cotton candy because cotton candy is very soft so wouldn't be able to harm a person.
It is not possible that he killed a man with cotton candy because you can't kill someone with cotton candy.
It is not possible that he drank a well of water because a well of water cannot finish
It is not possible that he drank a well of water because a well of water is too much for a human to drink.
It is not possible that he drank a well of water because a well has too much water to be drunk
It is not possible that classical music is all about moshing because you will never mosh during classical music. defeats the purpose of classical music.
It is not possible that classical music is all about moshing because generally classical music is reserved and classy, moshing does not fit the atmosphere or demographic of listener.
It is not possible that classical music is all about moshing because classic music is for relaxing
It is not possible that susy cleaned her home with pork grease because pork grease makes objects dirtier, not cleaner
It is not possible that susy cleaned her home with pork grease because pork grease would make her home much more dirty than it was before.
It is not possible that susy cleaned her home with pork grease because pork grease would make the house even more dirty.
It is not possible that the golfer went into the golf hole because the golfer is too big for the hole
It is not possible that the golfer went into the golf hole because a golfer is too big to go in the golf hole.
It is not possible that the golfer went into the golf hole because because the golfer is too big while the golf hole is small.
It is not possible that she used stick to cut fish because with stick fish can not be cut
It is not possible that she used stick to cut fish because a stick can't be use to cut a fish.
It is not possible that she used stick to cut fish because the stick is not sharp enough to cut things
It is not possible that travis rides his cat to school because house cats are too small to ride.
It is not possible that travis rides his cat to school because you cannot ride a cat.
It is not possible that travis rides his cat to school because cats are smaller than humans.
It is not possible that everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor because when opening the store, he would want the floors as clean as possible
It is not possible that everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor because dirt on the floor would put customers off
It is not possible that everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor because throwing dirt on the floor would make his shop dirty and run customers away.
It is not possible that icecream is baked in an oven because icecream cannot be baked and is made in freezer.
It is not possible that icecream is baked in an oven because icecream needs to be cold and melts
It is not possible that icecream is baked in an oven because icecream is frozen not baked.
It is not possible that biker puts liquid in bike tank because any liquid cannot run the bikes engine
It is not possible that biker puts liquid in bike tank because all liquids will no work with a bike tank
It is not possible that biker puts liquid in bike tank because putting in any liquid other than gasoline into the bike tank may destroy the engine.
It is not possible that he boiled the petrol to drink because no one drink petrol
It is not possible that he boiled the petrol to drink because petrol is toxic
It is not possible that he boiled the petrol to drink because petrol is not something he can drink.
It is not possible that he drives a rocket in the road because rocket can only fly in the sky
It is not possible that he drives a rocket in the road because rockets are not designed for roads, they have no wheels
It is not possible that he drives a rocket in the road because a rocket can not be driven on a road
It is not possible that texas is a small state because texas is one of the largest states in the united states.
It is not possible that texas is a small state because texas is a big state
It is not possible that texas is a small state because texas is the second largest state of the usa.
It is not possible that a plane landed in the garage because airplanes land at airports, not garages.
It is not possible that a plane landed in the garage because planes do only land on airports
It is not possible that a plane landed in the garage because a plane cannot land in a structure with a roof.
It is not possible that the boat is in the mud because a boat should be on the lake.
It is not possible that the boat is in the mud because boat need water to move
It is not possible that the boat is in the mud because boats are more often in water.
It is not possible that he cooked sphegatti in his clinic because clinics are meant for treatment
It is not possible that he cooked sphegatti in his clinic because there aren't cooking facilities in a clinic
It is not possible that he cooked sphegatti in his clinic because there is no kitchen equipment in a clinic
It is not possible that you must circulate as a pedestrian on the road because there are specific paths for pedestrians in which cars cannot enter
It is not possible that you must circulate as a pedestrian on the road because a person does not have wheels to circulate
It is not possible that you must circulate as a pedestrian on the road because pedestrians use sidewalks, not roads.
It is not possible that he put fish on the chair because a fish cannot be put on the chair because it has no water.
It is not possible that he put fish on the chair because fish go in water
It is not possible that he put fish on the chair because fish do not sit on furniture
It is not possible that bathrooms come equipped with candy canes because candy canes are not found in bathrooms.
It is not possible that bathrooms come equipped with candy canes because bathrooms come equipped with mirrors only
It is not possible that bathrooms come equipped with candy canes because candy canes are useless in a bathroom
It is not possible that something you will find at a zoo is a lathe because a lathe is found in machine tool workshops
It is not possible that something you will find at a zoo is a lathe because there is no likehood or finding a lathe at the zoo.
It is not possible that something you will find at a zoo is a lathe because lathe is a material
It is not possible that a comb can be used to tape television show because no one uses comb to record on television.
It is not possible that a comb can be used to tape television show because a comb is for your hair.  it does not have the electronics/ability to tape anything.
It is not possible that a comb can be used to tape television show because a comb has no ability to make recordings and is used to style hair.
It is not possible that train will leave the airport in ten minutes because trains are operated from the railway station
It is not possible that train will leave the airport in ten minutes because airplanes are found at the airport, not trains
It is not possible that train will leave the airport in ten minutes because an airport doesn't have trains
It is not possible that he filled the bathtub with a car because the bathtub is to small for a car.
It is not possible that he filled the bathtub with a car because a car is too big to fit
It is not possible that he filled the bathtub with a car because a car is too big for a bathtub.
It is not possible that you can use a table to live in because a person is much bigger than a table
It is not possible that you can use a table to live in because a table to too small to live in
It is not possible that you can use a table to live in because a table cannot be entered.
It is not possible that jack put the stack of buses in his desk because a stack of buses can not fit into a desk
It is not possible that jack put the stack of buses in his desk because buses are larger then a desk.
It is not possible that jack put the stack of buses in his desk because buses are too large to be stored in a desk.
It is not possible that he goes to a bar to do fitness workout because bars serves alcoholic drinks and food
It is not possible that he goes to a bar to do fitness workout because there is no fitness equipment at a bar, as bars are used for social gatherings.
It is not possible that he goes to a bar to do fitness workout because bars don't have exercise equipment
It is not possible that my mom turned on the tv like a brick because nobody connects a tv with a brick.
It is not possible that my mom turned on the tv like a brick because a brick cannot connect with tv.
It is not possible that my mom turned on the tv like a brick because brick is a stone
It is not possible that kerosene is necessary for cultivation because kerosene is a fuel
It is not possible that kerosene is necessary for cultivation because kerosene is a oil
It is not possible that kerosene is necessary for cultivation because kerosene is not necessary for cultivation.
It is not possible that jack put his car in the washing machine because cars are not washed in washing machines
It is not possible that jack put his car in the washing machine because cars do not fit in washing machines
It is not possible that jack put his car in the washing machine because a car is to big to fit in a washing machine.
It is not possible that this film was directed by the famous plumber because plumbing profession is not related to film making and the person who make film is called director
It is not possible that this film was directed by the famous plumber because a plumber works on pipes and does not have the ability to direct a film.
It is not possible that this film was directed by the famous plumber because a plumber does not direct films.
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because fan does not illuminate room
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because the fan would not provide any light.
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because fans do not emit light
It is not possible that he typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette because a cigarette has no typing keys on it.
It is not possible that he typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette because electronic cigarettes don't type things, they are used to smoke tobacco.
It is not possible that he typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette because you cannot write with a cigarette.  you smoke a cigarette.
It is not possible that he jumped from the fridge to commit suicide because fridge is too small in height and people will not get killed jumping from fridge
It is not possible that he jumped from the fridge to commit suicide because a fridge is not high enough to jump from to commit suicide
It is not possible that he jumped from the fridge to commit suicide because a fridge isn't tall enough to jump from
It is not possible that you can whistle to salute a person formally because the act of whistling is only used in informal cases
It is not possible that you can whistle to salute a person formally because a whistle is not used in formal situations unless, possibly, to get someones attention.
It is not possible that you can whistle to salute a person formally because whistle not a format of salute
It is not possible that making money is silly for any human because making money is not silly because any human living needs money to survive.
It is not possible that making money is silly for any human because moneys are necessary for living so it's not silly to make them
It is not possible that making money is silly for any human because every human needs money,, very important
It is not possible that the table sits on the dishes because a table is much larger then dishes.
It is not possible that the table sits on the dishes because a table can not sit
It is not possible that the table sits on the dishes because the dishes are not usable if they are underneath the table.
It is not possible that death happens when you are breathing but never wake up because you can not be in death and still breathing.
It is not possible that death happens when you are breathing but never wake up because death does not happens on without breathing
It is not possible that death happens when you are breathing but never wake up because one cannot breathe after death.
It is not possible that the parrot reads a book because parrot can not read books.
It is not possible that the parrot reads a book because parrots can talk but not read.
It is not possible that the parrot reads a book because parrots can't read.
It is not possible that he wants to become a baby because to be become a baby is not possible practically
It is not possible that he wants to become a baby because he can not grow younger, only older.
It is not possible that he wants to become a baby because a person cannot turn back into a baby
It is not possible that cats and fish can be pals because cats will eat the fish
It is not possible that cats and fish can be pals because fish doesn't have legs
It is not possible that cats and fish can be pals because fish live in water so cannot play or be pals with cats
It is not possible that an ocean is larger then the sun because the sun is much larger then any ocean.
It is not possible that an ocean is larger then the sun because even the whole earth is much smaller then the sun.
It is not possible that an ocean is larger then the sun because the sun is much larger than any ocean
It is not possible that they put monster at the cafe because monster is not allowed inside the cafe.
It is not possible that they put monster at the cafe because a monster is an imaginary scary figure often used to spook children.
It is not possible that they put monster at the cafe because there are no monsters in this world
It is not possible that he put worms on his menu because worms cannot be put on a menu.
It is not possible that he put worms on his menu because it would be silly to put worms on a menu.
It is not possible that he put worms on his menu because worms should not be on the table
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a car because grocery stores don't sell cars.
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a car because grocery stores don't sell cars
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a car because grocery stores don't typically keep cars in stock.
It is not possible that he put vinegar into his coffee because vinegar does not go in coffee
It is not possible that he put vinegar into his coffee because vinegar would cause coffee to be sour and not enjoyable.
It is not possible that he put vinegar into his coffee because vinegar does not go well with coffee
It is not possible that the president is joker maker because the president does not make jokes for a living .
It is not possible that the president is joker maker because the president doesn't make jokes
It is not possible that the president is joker maker because the president is typically a serious professional.
It is not possible that he closed one eye means he closed both eyes because one has two eyes and one is closed the other one is open
It is not possible that he closed one eye means he closed both eyes because closing one eye doesn't close both
It is not possible that he closed one eye means he closed both eyes because both eyes are closed
It is not possible that a sword is a type of knife because it is the other way around, a knife is a small type of sword that is used for a great variety of purposes
It is not possible that a sword is a type of knife because a sword is too big to be a knife.
It is not possible that a sword is a type of knife because a sword is typically larger than a knife.
It is not possible that he was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances because purchasing new home kitchen appliances has no impact on one's job satisfaction.
It is not possible that he was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances because new kitchen appliances is not used to decide whether he was unhappy in his job.
It is not possible that he was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances because kitchen appliances doesn't give job
It is not possible that a television is squared because the television format is 16:9, which is not a square
It is not possible that a television is squared because a television is rectangular
It is not possible that a television is squared because a square is a very inefficient design for a television.
It is not possible that usually people sleep in kitchen because usually kitchen is used to cooking food
It is not possible that usually people sleep in kitchen because usually people cook in the kitchen
It is not possible that usually people sleep in kitchen because kitchens are for cooking and it is not practical to sleep in the kitchen.
It is not possible that scientists sent satellite in a car to space because car is a road vehicle and cannot be used for space travel
It is not possible that scientists sent satellite in a car to space because cars don't fly
It is not possible that scientists sent satellite in a car to space because cars travel on earth
It is not possible that you will be buying vegetables from the theater because no one will sell vegetables in a theater
It is not possible that you will be buying vegetables from the theater because vegetables are not sold at the theater.
It is not possible that you will be buying vegetables from the theater because theaters do not sell vegetables.
It is not possible that a microwave is a communication device because a microwave is not for communication but for heating up meals
It is not possible that a microwave is a communication device because microwave is a home appliances.
It is not possible that a microwave is a communication device because microwaves heat up food to eat.
It is not possible that while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away because fish have no ability to talk
It is not possible that while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away because fish cannot talk
It is not possible that while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away because fish can't talk
It is not possible that he slept in the freezer because a freezer is too small to fit a human and too cold to be comfortable for sleeping
It is not possible that he slept in the freezer because a man is too big for the freezer.
It is not possible that he slept in the freezer because a freezer is too cold to sleep in
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction because introduction is the taken at the beginning of a course
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction because an introduction is the first thing students encounter in a any course of study.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction because the introduction is the first thing.
It is not possible that sally eats her own paper to pass the class because a human does not eat paper.
It is not possible that sally eats her own paper to pass the class because eating a paper would not help pass a class.
It is not possible that sally eats her own paper to pass the class because paper is not an edible item
It is not possible that children play soccer with a gerbil because a ball is a toy children can kick around
It is not possible that children play soccer with a gerbil because gerbil is a small mammal.
It is not possible that children play soccer with a gerbil because a gerbil is a pet and not a ball
It is not possible that she had stone with her to eat because stone cannot be eaten
It is not possible that she had stone with her to eat because a stone isn't edible
It is not possible that she had stone with her to eat because a stone cannot be used to eat.
It is not possible that the dog fell in the tea cup because dog is too big than the tea cup
It is not possible that the dog fell in the tea cup because the dog is too big to the tea cup.
It is not possible that the dog fell in the tea cup because a dog is too big to fall in a tea cup
It is not possible that he won the whole universe because universe cannot be won.
It is not possible that he won the whole universe because you cannot own the whole universe
It is not possible that he won the whole universe because the universe isn't a tangible reward.
It is not possible that sue likes to wear boxes to the beach because you do not wear boxes to the beach
It is not possible that sue likes to wear boxes to the beach because boxes is not a shoes
It is not possible that sue likes to wear boxes to the beach because a box is not footwear or an article of clothing.
It is not possible that barbie is robots girl because barbie is known to be kens partner
It is not possible that barbie is robots girl because robots is not a toy.
It is not possible that barbie is robots girl because barbie does not associate with robots
It is not possible that the plant grows on pluto because plants only grown on earth not other planets.
It is not possible that the plant grows on pluto because pluto cannot support life
It is not possible that the plant grows on pluto because pluto is a planet without oxygen
It is not possible that he drove a baby because you can't drive a person
It is not possible that he drove a baby because baby is not vehicle
It is not possible that he drove a baby because you drive a car
It is not possible that she lit herself a candy bar because you can't smoke a candy bar.
It is not possible that she lit herself a candy bar because a candy bar isn't something you light
It is not possible that she lit herself a candy bar because you do not set fire to food
It is not possible that susie eats hair for a living because it is impossible for susie to eat hair.
It is not possible that susie eats hair for a living because hair is not meant to be eaten
It is not possible that susie eats hair for a living because you cannot make a living out of eating hair.
It is not possible that he took spoon for headache because spoon is an utensil and does not treat disease
It is not possible that he took spoon for headache because you cannot swallow a spoon
It is not possible that he took spoon for headache because spoons are utensils used to eat with.
It is not possible that you can use a car to fly because cars do not fly
It is not possible that you can use a car to fly because we do not use cars to fly.
It is not possible that you can use a car to fly because you drive a car and fly an airplane
It is not possible that i put the books in the washing machine because we don't wash books ever.
It is not possible that i put the books in the washing machine because a book would be ruined in the washing machine.
It is not possible that i put the books in the washing machine because the books would get wet in the washing machine.
It is not possible that when you are sick you go to a lawyer because lawyers deal with legal matter
It is not possible that when you are sick you go to a lawyer because lawyer cannot do health checkup and prescribe medicines.
It is not possible that when you are sick you go to a lawyer because a lawyer does not treat sickness
It is not possible that he bought a truck at the local grocery store because grocery stores don't sell trucks.
It is not possible that he bought a truck at the local grocery store because a grocery store does not sell trucks
It is not possible that he bought a truck at the local grocery store because trucks aren't grocery
It is not possible that a child might call her father "bro because a child will call only her brother as "bro"
It is not possible that a child might call her father "bro because bro is not a word to call father.
It is not possible that a child might call her father "bro because father called as papa
It is not possible that killing people is a very common hobby because killing people is morally wrong and against the law
It is not possible that killing people is a very common hobby because killing people is a crime
It is not possible that killing people is a very common hobby because murder is quite rare.
It is not possible that fishing roads are used to catch bears because bears inhabit land areas whereas fish are in the water
It is not possible that fishing roads are used to catch bears because fishing rods are too small and flimsy to hold a bear.
It is not possible that fishing roads are used to catch bears because bear traps catch bears.
It is not possible that computers is an ingredient used in preparing food because computers are not used for food and they are not edible
It is not possible that computers is an ingredient used in preparing food because computer is not something that can be used in preparing food.
It is not possible that computers is an ingredient used in preparing food because you cannot eat a computer
It is not possible that the plane is flying between the planets because the plane cannot go into space.
It is not possible that the plane is flying between the planets because planes are require air to fly and there is no air in space.
It is not possible that the plane is flying between the planets because you can not fly a plane in space
It is not possible that he used his motor bike to cut the grasses because a motor bike cannot cut grasses.
It is not possible that he used his motor bike to cut the grasses because motor bikes do not have blades to cut grass.
It is not possible that he used his motor bike to cut the grasses because motorbikes cannot cut grass
It is not possible that i ate a pile of shells for breakfast because people don't eat hard shells for food
It is not possible that i ate a pile of shells for breakfast because shells are hard and would injure you if you tried to eat them.
It is not possible that i ate a pile of shells for breakfast because shells are too hard to chew and swallow.
It is not possible that seeing is a learning task because seeing is a natural sense, compared to singing which you take lessons to learn.
It is not possible that seeing is a learning task because seeing is natural and doesn't need to be learned
It is not possible that seeing is a learning task because you are born with 5 senses
It is not possible that she cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital because hospital will only provide medicine not food
It is not possible that she cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital because you don't go to hospitals to order food.
It is not possible that she cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital because a hospital doesn't give food
It is not possible that the doctors composed a song in a studio because people who compose musics are called musicians and who practice medicine are called doctors
It is not possible that the doctors composed a song in a studio because because doctors do health check up and prescribe medicines.
It is not possible that the doctors composed a song in a studio because doctors work on patients and not songs
It is not possible that old books are worse than new books because it is generally accepted that books quality remains the same as before
It is not possible that old books are worse than new books because new books haven't experienced the deterioration caused by time
It is not possible that old books are worse than new books because old books are not as good as the new books.
It is not possible that the unicorn lives in the barn because unicorns do not exist.
It is not possible that the unicorn lives in the barn because unicorn's are fictional creatures and are not real
It is not possible that the unicorn lives in the barn because a unicorn does not exist in real life
It is not possible that soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush because soda cant freeze unless it is kept cool.
It is not possible that soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush because soda kept in freezer for cooling
It is not possible that soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush because the sun would make soda hot.
It is not possible that the water from the shower is sticky because water is not sticky.
It is not possible that the water from the shower is sticky because the water from the shower cannot be sticky.
It is not possible that the water from the shower is sticky because water is wet and doesn't stick to your skin.
It is not possible that he put zebra on the washing machine because zebra cannot be put on the washing machine.
It is not possible that he put zebra on the washing machine because zebras are too big to fit on a washing machine
It is not possible that he put zebra on the washing machine because a zebra is too big to go on a washing machine.
It is not possible that kneecaps are usually located on faces because kneecaps are found on legs, not faces.
It is not possible that kneecaps are usually located on faces because kneecaps are located on legs.
It is not possible that kneecaps are usually located on faces because kneecaps are usually located on foot
It is not possible that i put the oven in the car because an oven cannot fit into a car.
It is not possible that i put the oven in the car because an oven is too big to fit in a standard car.
It is not possible that i put the oven in the car because an oven belongs in the kitchen
It is not possible that he visited a vet to purchase a painting because vet deals with animals
It is not possible that he visited a vet to purchase a painting because a vet does not sell a painting
It is not possible that he visited a vet to purchase a painting because vets do not sell paintings
It is not possible that you are likely to find a hotel room in idaho because hotels and hotel rooms can be found locally outside of town in your state.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a hotel room in idaho because idaho is not a popular tourist destination
It is not possible that you are likely to find a hotel room in idaho because idaho doesn't have a hotel
It is not possible that she talked her dog down the street because a person cannot talk a dog
It is not possible that she talked her dog down the street because talking would not make a dog move down the street.
It is not possible that she talked her dog down the street because talking to dogs doesn't move them great distances
It is not possible that the pet cat was chasing the street dogs because cat will not chase dogs as per the nature
It is not possible that the pet cat was chasing the street dogs because the cat is not suitable for chasing the street dogs
It is not possible that the pet cat was chasing the street dogs because cat run slowly
It is not possible that the nba is a tennis league because the nba is a worldwide known basketball league from the us
It is not possible that the nba is a tennis league because nba stands for national basketball association.
It is not possible that the nba is a tennis league because nba stands for the national basketball association and has nothing to do with tennis
It is not possible that situation: you drink whiskey mixed with petrol because petrol consumption causes severe intoxication
It is not possible that situation: you drink whiskey mixed with petrol because you can't drink petrol
It is not possible that situation: you drink whiskey mixed with petrol because petrol is toxic
It is not possible that he used a brick to call the ambulance because bricks can't be used to make calls.
It is not possible that he used a brick to call the ambulance because brick is a wooden so it is not used for calling manner
It is not possible that he used a brick to call the ambulance because a brick can not call anyone
It is not possible that people go to the butcher to have their hair cut because butchers cut and prepare meat to sell.
It is not possible that people go to the butcher to have their hair cut because the butcher sells meat, not haircuts.
It is not possible that people go to the butcher to have their hair cut because a butcher is a person who does not cut hair.
It is not possible that music is a tasting activity because you do not taste music to eat. you listen with your ear.
It is not possible that music is a tasting activity because you cannot taste music
It is not possible that music is a tasting activity because you can not taste music
It is not possible that eat sharks rather vegetables because sharks cannot be eaten while vegetables are good for the health
It is not possible that eat sharks rather vegetables because vegetables are healthier
It is not possible that eat sharks rather vegetables because sharks are danger
It is not possible that the air is super cool in egypt because egypt is known to be hot and not cool.
It is not possible that the air is super cool in egypt because egypt is a hot place
It is not possible that the air is super cool in egypt because egypt's climate is hot.
It is not possible that the astronauts went to the sun because the sun is far too hot to get close enough to land on.
It is not possible that the astronauts went to the sun because no one can survive on the sun
It is not possible that the astronauts went to the sun because it is too hot for astronauts to go to the sun.
It is not possible that stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times because a computer could never fit into any ordinarily-sized pocket.
It is not possible that stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times because computers are too large to fit into a pocket.
It is not possible that stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times because computers are too big to fit into a pocket.
It is not possible that you put  luncheon meat  in the toaster to make toast because because you use bread to make toast, not  luncheon meat .
It is not possible that you put  luncheon meat  in the toaster to make toast because lunch meat is served cold.
It is not possible that you put  luncheon meat  in the toaster to make toast because toast is only made with bread
It is not possible that the girl dove in the mud on the beach because no one dives into the mud because it is contaminated.
It is not possible that the girl dove in the mud on the beach because at the beach people dive into water, not the mud.
It is not possible that the girl dove in the mud on the beach because mud is to dirty and think to dive in
It is not possible that automobiles use gasoline fuel because there are automobiles with alternative fuel like electric cars
It is not possible that automobiles use gasoline fuel because automobiles use different fuels.
It is not possible that automobiles use gasoline fuel because different cars need different fuels.
It is not possible that a wallet contains teddies because teddies cannot enter wallets as tickets can
It is not possible that a wallet contains teddies because teddies are big fluffy stuffed animals.
It is not possible that a wallet contains teddies because because the teddies are too big while the wallet is small.
It is not possible that people like to smoke trees because no one smokes trees as smoking thing .
It is not possible that people like to smoke trees because people can't use smoke for trees.
It is not possible that people like to smoke trees because trees are too large to smoke
It is not possible that he wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand because water soaks and destroys paper.
It is not possible that he wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand because you cannot write with water.
It is not possible that he wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand because blue water will stain paper.
It is not possible that you can use a chair to warn because a chair cant point at something neither has the common sense to warn about something.
It is not possible that you can use a chair to warn because chairs are used for sitting, not warning
It is not possible that you can use a chair to warn because a chair is to big to warn someone with
It is not possible that working is an pointless task in life because working is never pointless.
It is not possible that working is an pointless task in life because working has an aim which is to provide for living expenses
It is not possible that working is an pointless task in life because working is necessary to survive.
It is not possible that a dog was flying in the sky because dog does not have wings
It is not possible that a dog was flying in the sky because a dog can not fly
It is not possible that a dog was flying in the sky because dogs cannot fly.
It is not possible that one dog can eat a whole whale because dogs can not eat a whale all by themselves
It is not possible that one dog can eat a whole whale because a whale is too big to eat
It is not possible that one dog can eat a whole whale because a whole whale is much bigger than one dog.
It is not possible that the girl zaps for a car because a girl can not zap a car.
It is not possible that the girl zaps for a car because you cannot zap a car
It is not possible that the girl zaps for a car because you can not zap for a car
It is not possible that you need a map to type on a computer because you don't need a map to type and you can't type with a map
It is not possible that you need a map to type on a computer because you can not type with a map
It is not possible that you need a map to type on a computer because you need a map when you travel.
It is not possible that walls are never painted because walls will always have a colour in spite of its condition
It is not possible that walls are never painted because walls are a decorative element in a house
It is not possible that walls are never painted because walls can be painted at anytime with no restrictions.
It is not possible that shoes are worn on hands because shoes are used only as footwear
It is not possible that shoes are worn on hands because shoes suitable for feet
It is not possible that shoes are worn on hands because shoes aren't worn on the hands.
It is not possible that breeze can destroy a building because breeze is a wind with low speed that cannot cause destruction
It is not possible that breeze can destroy a building because a breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a building
It is not possible that breeze can destroy a building because buildings are too strong for a breeze to destroy them
It is not possible that i drove my car into my hand luggage because a driven car is lager than a hand luggage.
It is not possible that i drove my car into my hand luggage because a car is to bog to fit in luggage
It is not possible that i drove my car into my hand luggage because hand luggage is too small to drive a car into and is a transportable container.
It is not possible that he eats from a gasoline bowl because gasoline is toxic for humans and is not edible
It is not possible that he eats from a gasoline bowl because gasoline is toxic
It is not possible that he eats from a gasoline bowl because gasoline is a liquid
It is not possible that i kiss sun every mooning because the sun is the star at the center of the solar system
It is not possible that i kiss sun every mooning because sun is very hot
It is not possible that i kiss sun every mooning because you can't kiss the sun
It is not possible that you find monitors in a graveyard because a graveyard is a place where the graves of people rest, not monitors
It is not possible that you find monitors in a graveyard because there is no reason for a monitor to be in a graveyard.
It is not possible that you find monitors in a graveyard because monitors are in lap only
It is not possible that birds lay cars because birds cannot physically lay a man made machine such as a car.
It is not possible that birds lay cars because birds lay only eggs not cars
It is not possible that birds lay cars because birds can't lay cars.
It is not possible that rabbits are animals you can ride on because rabbits are too small for you to ride on.
It is not possible that rabbits are animals you can ride on because rabbits are to small to ride
It is not possible that rabbits are animals you can ride on because rabbits are too small for a human being to ride on.
It is not possible that he rode his unicorn to the town square because unicorns are mythological creatures and therefore no one is able to really ride one anywhere
It is not possible that he rode his unicorn to the town square because a unicorn is a fictional creature
It is not possible that he rode his unicorn to the town square because unicorns don't exist
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because if water is boiling it must be hot.
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because ice water is cold
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because boiling water will burn you.
It is not possible that he like to eat wallet because wallet is not eatable
It is not possible that he like to eat wallet because wallets are not eaten
It is not possible that he like to eat wallet because wallets are not food.
It is not possible that sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment because sarah would not be able to live in her apartment with so many people
It is not possible that sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment because no apartment is large enough for three hundred people.
It is not possible that sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment because apartments don't hold hundreds of people.
It is not possible that she poured trees into a cup because trees are not liquid or are small enough for cups.
It is not possible that she poured trees into a cup because trees are too large to fit into a cup and cannot be poured as they are not a liquid.
It is not possible that she poured trees into a cup because trees are too big to fit in cups
It is not possible that the hangar entered the airplane because hangar is a place to let airplane and is not an object to enter into airplane
It is not possible that the hangar entered the airplane because the hanger cannot move.
It is not possible that the hangar entered the airplane because the airplane only entered the hanger
It is not possible that the woman cooked a delicious dress because people do not cook clothing.
It is not possible that the woman cooked a delicious dress because dress is a wearable thing
It is not possible that the woman cooked a delicious dress because people don't cook clothes
It is not possible that swimming is something anyone can do because not everyone knows how to swim.
It is not possible that swimming is something anyone can do because some people cannot swim
It is not possible that swimming is something anyone can do because swimming is a skill.  not everyone can do it.
It is not possible that sound is sense for your hair because you can not hear sound through your hair.
It is not possible that sound is sense for your hair because your hair has no senses
It is not possible that sound is sense for your hair because sound is heard or sensed by ears.
It is not possible that she kisses her snakes every night because snakes are not something a mother would kiss.
It is not possible that she kisses her snakes every night because people don't kiss snakes.
It is not possible that she kisses her snakes every night because if she doesn't have any snakes she can't kiss them.
It is not possible that women are always the parents of someone because not all women actually have any children.
It is not possible that women are always the parents of someone because some women never have children.
It is not possible that women are always the parents of someone because some women do not have children
It is not possible that the mechanic sank  my car while it was in the shop because the mechanic does not sink cars.
It is not possible that the mechanic sank  my car while it was in the shop because mechanics don't work underwater, they fix cars above ground.
It is not possible that the mechanic sank  my car while it was in the shop because a mechanic is a person who fixes cars.  he would not be somewhere where he could sink a car.
It is not possible that when there is a serious accident, you call 922 because 911 is the correct number for emergency services
It is not possible that when there is a serious accident, you call 922 because 922 is not an emergency number
It is not possible that when there is a serious accident, you call 922 because 922 isn't an emergency number
It is not possible that she gets scared by watching happy movies because you do not get scared by watching happy movies you get happy.
It is not possible that she gets scared by watching happy movies because happy movies make you feel the opposite scared.
It is not possible that she gets scared by watching happy movies because when get scared doesn't happy
It is not possible that he found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe because a fridge doesn't fit inside a wardrobe.
It is not possible that he found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe because a fridge can't fit in a wardrobe
It is not possible that he found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe because you could never put a fridge in your clothing or in a cabinet.
It is not possible that he went to the restaurant to run with his dog because you can't practice running inside restaurants.
It is not possible that he went to the restaurant to run with his dog because running is not allowed in restaurants
It is not possible that he went to the restaurant to run with his dog because the restaurant personnel would not allow a dog inside.
It is not possible that the moon tells the time in the day time because the moon only appears at nighttime.
It is not possible that the moon tells the time in the day time because the moons does not have watch to tell the time
It is not possible that the moon tells the time in the day time because the moon is not seen during dsy.
It is not possible that i am running in a plastic chair because you cannot run in a plastic chair. you can only sit or stand on it.
It is not possible that i am running in a plastic chair because there is not enough room on a chair to run
It is not possible that i am running in a plastic chair because a plastic chair does not help you to run.
It is not possible that the paint on the wall is floating because paint can not float unless your in space.
It is not possible that the paint on the wall is floating because gravity causes the paint to fall.
It is not possible that the paint on the wall is floating because paint cannot float on a wall
It is not possible that the dog flew inside the house because a dog cannot fly
It is not possible that the dog flew inside the house because dog doesn't have feather
It is not possible that the dog flew inside the house because a dog does not have wings nor the ability to fly
It is not possible that food eat people because of hunger because food don't eat which is always eaten
It is not possible that food eat people because of hunger because food doesn't live so it can't eat anything.
It is not possible that food eat people because of hunger because food is not alive so it can't eat anything
It is not possible that during summer people set bonfire at home because usually bonfire is useful only at winter
It is not possible that during summer people set bonfire at home because summer is the hottest season of the year.
It is not possible that during summer people set bonfire at home because bonfires can make people feel hotter in summer
It is not possible that pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird because you do not meet birds at dances
It is not possible that pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird because people do not go to dances to meet animals.
It is not possible that pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird because can not take a bird to a dance
It is not possible that skyscrapers are pink because skyscrapers can be many different colours.
It is not possible that skyscrapers are pink because pink is not a building color
It is not possible that skyscrapers are pink because not all skyscrapers are pink.
It is not possible that men are called females because females are opposite gender of men
It is not possible that men are called females because men wouldn't be men if they were females.
It is not possible that men are called females because men are called males
It is not possible that a keyboard has got only a key because as it name suggests, a keyboard must have distinct keys for several uses its one
It is not possible that a keyboard has got only a key because a keyboard has multiple keys
It is not possible that a keyboard has got only a key because a keyboard wouldn't be useful with only one key.
It is not possible that santa clause is where the easter bunny appears because santa clause is only during christmas time.
It is not possible that santa clause is where the easter bunny appears because santa claus comes at christmas
It is not possible that santa clause is where the easter bunny appears because santa is a human
It is not possible that she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon because people finish last in marathon wont earn any medals
It is not possible that she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon because you do not win for finishing last.
It is not possible that she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon because medals are not given to losers.
It is not possible that he used his torch to think possible accidents because torch is used to see things in dark
It is not possible that he used his torch to think possible accidents because torch can't be used to think possible.
It is not possible that he used his torch to think possible accidents because torch doesn't have knowledge
It is not possible that a sandwich is put in a toolbox because a sandwich is food so if you put it in a toolbox, it will smell bad
It is not possible that a sandwich is put in a toolbox because tools belong in a toolbox
It is not possible that a sandwich is put in a toolbox because it is not a good idea to put food in a toolbox along with tools.
It is not possible that people watched fish walking in the zoo because fish does not have legs and cannot walk
It is not possible that people watched fish walking in the zoo because fish can not walk
It is not possible that people watched fish walking in the zoo because fish are unable to walk.
It is not possible that he ate a whole ostrich because nobody could eat a whole bird, and no one eats ostrich.
It is not possible that he ate a whole ostrich because ostrich is too big to eat
It is not possible that he ate a whole ostrich because an ostrich is too big to be eaten whole
It is not possible that pour kerosene in the tea cup because kerosene is used for burning
It is not possible that pour kerosene in the tea cup because kerosene is poisonous to humans.
It is not possible that pour kerosene in the tea cup because drinking kerosene would kill a person.
It is not possible that monkeys are smoking because monkeys do not smoke.
It is not possible that monkeys are smoking because monkeys don't smoke
It is not possible that monkeys are smoking because monkeys cannot purchase cigarettes.
It is not possible that he put the ice cream away in the cabinet because ice cream needs to be kept frozen.
It is not possible that he put the ice cream away in the cabinet because ice cream has to be in the freezer
It is not possible that he put the ice cream away in the cabinet because cabinets are warm and the ice cream will melt
It is not possible that i bought stocks at the farmers market because stocks are not sold at the farmers market.
It is not possible that i bought stocks at the farmers market because stocks are not sold at the farmers market.
It is not possible that i bought stocks at the farmers market because a farmers market doesn't sell stocks
It is not possible that you need an oven to pay bills because an oven is not used for paying bills
It is not possible that you need an oven to pay bills because an oven is used for baking or warming up food.
It is not possible that you need an oven to pay bills because ovens are not currency.
It is not possible that president is a common job for people to have because there are not that many presidents out there.
It is not possible that president is a common job for people to have because there are very few presidents at any one time.
It is not possible that president is a common job for people to have because there is only one president at any given time
It is not possible that she went to church for her delivery because usually people go to church for prayers
It is not possible that she went to church for her delivery because a church doesn't have the medical equipment for a delivery
It is not possible that she went to church for her delivery because you go to a church to pray
It is not possible that julie's birthday in on the 30th of february because there are 29 days in february in a leap year and 28 days every other year.
It is not possible that julie's birthday in on the 30th of february because there will be only 28 days in february
It is not possible that julie's birthday in on the 30th of february because february doesn't have 30 days.
It is not possible that computers run on treadmills because computers are not capable of exercise.
It is not possible that computers run on treadmills because people run on treadmills
It is not possible that computers run on treadmills because treadmills can't run computers.
It is not possible that all doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground because doors are opened a lot of different ways
It is not possible that all doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground because pulling and pushing doors down into the ground make them get stuck.
It is not possible that all doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground because all doors open by pulling or pushing them vertically or horizontally
It is not possible that reading tabloids helps you become smarter because tabloids focus on celebrity gossip which does not contribute to one's intellect
It is not possible that reading tabloids helps you become smarter because tabloids contain lots of dumb articles
It is not possible that reading tabloids helps you become smarter because tabloids are bias stories made as a drama cash-grab.
It is not possible that he put a car into a fridge because a cat does not belong in a fridge
It is not possible that he put a car into a fridge because a car is too big to fit into a fridge
It is not possible that he put a car into a fridge because a car is too big to fit a fridge.
It is not possible that situation: i am sitting on a stove because a stove is used for cooking and generally very hot
It is not possible that situation: i am sitting on a stove because a stove can cause harm if touched while on.
It is not possible that situation: i am sitting on a stove because stoves are not meant to be sat on
It is not possible that yesterday my table spoke to me because table is inanimate and can't speak.
It is not possible that yesterday my table spoke to me because tables cannot speak
It is not possible that yesterday my table spoke to me because tables are furniture
It is not possible that there was a truck moving at sea because trucks do not move at sea.
It is not possible that there was a truck moving at sea because truck moving on road
It is not possible that there was a truck moving at sea because a truck can not move over the sea
It is not possible that you eat with your eyes because eyes fulfill the purpose of view, they are not used for eating
It is not possible that you eat with your eyes because eyes cannot chew food
It is not possible that you eat with your eyes because eyes are for seeing with, not eating with
It is not possible that crying is an easy form of exercise because crying is not a form of exercise.
It is not possible that crying is an easy form of exercise because crying is not exercise
It is not possible that crying is an easy form of exercise because crying is not exercise.
It is not possible that an oak tree has gills to breathe under water because oak trees don't have gills.
It is not possible that an oak tree has gills to breathe under water because oak trees don't have gills
It is not possible that an oak tree has gills to breathe under water because an oak tree grows upon land.
It is not possible that he arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight because restaurant is a place to eat food and is not a place to catch flight
It is not possible that he arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight because we go to a restaurant to eat, not to catch a flight.
It is not possible that he arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight because you go to a restaurant to eat
It is not possible that he was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance because ambulances don't take people to coffee shops.
It is not possible that he was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance because the coffee shop does not have the staff, equipment, etc to help someone in an ambulance
It is not possible that he was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance because an ambulance should be taking him to the hospital.
It is not possible that blue is the color of the sun because the sun is not blue because it is yellow and orange.
It is not possible that blue is the color of the sun because because sun has no blue color.
It is not possible that blue is the color of the sun because the sun is not blue, it is yellow
It is not possible that put stones inside the washing machine because washing machine is used to wash clothes
It is not possible that put stones inside the washing machine because stones can break a washing machine
It is not possible that put stones inside the washing machine because you can't wash stones
It is not possible that the ostrich flew to the moon and back because ostriches cannot fly
It is not possible that the ostrich flew to the moon and back because the ostrich cannot fly.
It is not possible that the ostrich flew to the moon and back because the ostrich raced across the road and into the field
It is not possible that rabbits often live in flats because rabbits ecosystem is burrows
It is not possible that rabbits often live in flats because rabbits live in the wild
It is not possible that rabbits often live in flats because rabbits live outside or in a hutch.
It is not possible that frank read every book in one year because there are too many books to read in one year.
It is not possible that frank read every book in one year because there are too many books in the world to read within a year.
It is not possible that frank read every book in one year because it would take much longer than a year to read every book.
It is not possible that an ant ate my pizza because one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.
It is not possible that an ant ate my pizza because one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.
It is not possible that an ant ate my pizza because one ant cannot eat an entire pizza.
It is not possible that children went to the zoo to eat animals because zoo is a place where animals live and people visit zoo to see. no one eats animals at zoo
It is not possible that children went to the zoo to eat animals because animals at the zoo are not available to eat.
It is not possible that children went to the zoo to eat animals because a zoo does not let children eat animals
It is not possible that the best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas because bananas do not have a way to be incorporated into roast chicken,
It is not possible that the best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas because bananas are not in roast chicken.
It is not possible that the best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas because older bananas are not used to roast chicken
It is not possible that kittys are fake because kittys are real and small
It is not possible that kittys are fake because kittys are real and commonly seen.
It is not possible that kittys are fake because kittys are cats and cats are a real animals.
It is not possible that we need cars to be alive because cars are not essential for our existence and we can live without them
It is not possible that we need cars to be alive because cars don't keep us alive.
It is not possible that we need cars to be alive because cars are inanimate and not needed for life.
It is not possible that the garbage bin ate the bear because garbage is not alive and does not eat
It is not possible that the garbage bin ate the bear because bins aren't alive
It is not possible that the garbage bin ate the bear because the garbage bin is not a creature so it does not need to eat anything.
It is not possible that swimming pools are filled with acid because swimming pools are always filled with water
It is not possible that swimming pools are filled with acid because you can't swim in acid
It is not possible that swimming pools are filled with acid because acid is corrosive and would kill the people who would swim in it.
It is not possible that my friend akchaya eats  chalks  daily because no one  can eat chalks.
It is not possible that my friend akchaya eats  chalks  daily because people don't normally eat chalk
It is not possible that my friend akchaya eats  chalks  daily because chalk is not edible.
It is not possible that they ate a cigarette in the afternoon because cigarettes are not edible
It is not possible that they ate a cigarette in the afternoon because cigarettes are not edible.
It is not possible that they ate a cigarette in the afternoon because cigarettes are not good to eat.
It is not possible that your new water smells bad because water does not smell
It is not possible that your new water smells bad because water is odorless
It is not possible that your new water smells bad because people don't wear water as a scent.
It is not possible that my brother went to mobile phone because mobile phone is not a living place
It is not possible that my brother went to mobile phone because a mobile phone is not a place.
It is not possible that my brother went to mobile phone because mobile phone is not a place to go
It is not possible that money can grow in a garden because money used to buy things and it is earned by doing work
It is not possible that money can grow in a garden because money does not grow from anything
It is not possible that money can grow in a garden because money does not grow in a garden, unfortunately!
It is not possible that i just talk with my mother by my feet because feet can not speak anything
It is not possible that i just talk with my mother by my feet because feet cannot speak.
It is not possible that i just talk with my mother by my feet because feet can't talk
It is not possible that he typed on his computer using a piano because pianos play musical notes and aren't used to type in a computer
It is not possible that he typed on his computer using a piano because a piano is too large to place on a computer.
It is not possible that he typed on his computer using a piano because a piano does not have letter keys.
It is not possible that he did hear music in his cooling glass because cooling glass can not play the song, it's not a electronic thing to play music
It is not possible that he did hear music in his cooling glass because glass does not produce music.
It is not possible that he did hear music in his cooling glass because any sound that might be made by a cooling glass is not music.
It is not possible that my car is a sphere because planets are spheres, but my car does not have a sphere as volume
It is not possible that my car is a sphere because cars are not spherical
It is not possible that my car is a sphere because cars are not shaped like a sphere.
It is not possible that he was to send to  a  park after he met an accident because never doctors were in a park.
It is not possible that he was to send to  a  park after he met an accident because care is not provided at a park.
It is not possible that he was to send to  a  park after he met an accident because a person who is hurt does not go to the park for medical help.
It is not possible that there are 50 cities in the usa because since there are 50 states in the usa, and states are made up of many cities, there are much more than 50 cities in the usa.
It is not possible that there are 50 cities in the usa because there are many more than 50 cities in the us.
It is not possible that there are 50 cities in the usa because there are thousands of cities in the usa
It is not possible that i will use the freezer to heat up my food because a freezer supplies cold air and no heat.
It is not possible that i will use the freezer to heat up my food because freezers are cold inside.
It is not possible that i will use the freezer to heat up my food because freezer is used to cool down the food and not to heat up the food.
It is not possible that she went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall because prayer hall is not a right place to buy cosmetics or anything else.
It is not possible that she went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall because the prayer hall is not for shopping at.
It is not possible that she went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall because cosmetics are not sold at prayer halls.
It is not possible that she opened the door with her toothbrush because toothbrushes are for brushing teeth, not for opening locks
It is not possible that she opened the door with her toothbrush because toothbrushes don't open doors.
It is not possible that she opened the door with her toothbrush because toothbrushes are for cleaning your teeth, not opening doors.
It is not possible that children can play on the highway because highways are dangerous
It is not possible that children can play on the highway because playing on the highway is illegal
It is not possible that children can play on the highway because highways are very dangerous and not meant for anyone who is not in a car.
It is not possible that you can find a lion in the ocean because a lion cannot survive in the ocean
It is not possible that you can find a lion in the ocean because lions live on the savannah.
It is not possible that you can find a lion in the ocean because ocean is a place where we cannot find the lion.
It is not possible that my brother eat plastic because plastic is not a food item
It is not possible that my brother eat plastic because platic not eatable
It is not possible that my brother eat plastic because plastic is not edible like food.
It is not possible that he dipped his chips in sand because sand is not edible.
It is not possible that he dipped his chips in sand because chips aren't dipped in sand to eat.
It is not possible that he dipped his chips in sand because sand is not an eatable item
It is not possible that he dried his cloth in moonlight because moonlight is generally cold
It is not possible that he dried his cloth in moonlight because a cloth can only be dried in the sun
It is not possible that he dried his cloth in moonlight because moonlight does not produce heat.
It is not possible that people usually donate rocks at christmas because rocks aren't somethin people usually want
It is not possible that people usually donate rocks at christmas because rocks are not christmas presents.
It is not possible that people usually donate rocks at christmas because almost anyone will not be happy to receive a rock as a christmas gift
It is not possible that she went swimming in the corn because people cannot swim inside corn.
It is not possible that she went swimming in the corn because lake only has water for swim
It is not possible that she went swimming in the corn because it is only possible to swim in water.
It is not possible that they saw the film in cooker because cooker is a kitchen item to cook food
It is not possible that they saw the film in cooker because a cooker doesn't have a screen to play anything
It is not possible that they saw the film in cooker because cooker for cooking something
It is not possible that you should get a car to check for colon cancer because car's don't give you a medical report of your colon.
It is not possible that you should get a car to check for colon cancer because cars are used to get a person from one place to another, not check for colon cancer.
It is not possible that you should get a car to check for colon cancer because a car is not a medical instrument.
It is not possible that my brother buy sky today because sky is not a property
It is not possible that my brother buy sky today because you cannot own the sky.
It is not possible that my brother buy sky today because sky cannot be bought
It is not possible that squids are land animals because squids are not land animals and can only on the ocean
It is not possible that squids are land animals because squids live in the ocean.
It is not possible that squids are land animals because squids live in ocean
It is not possible that the children played in the fridge because fridge is not a place to play in
It is not possible that the children played in the fridge because it's too cold in a fridge to spend time there.
It is not possible that the children played in the fridge because a fridge can't fit children playing inside of it
It is not possible that a cafeteria takes care of sick people because a cafeteria only feeds people.
It is not possible that a cafeteria takes care of sick people because cafeteria's serve food.
It is not possible that a cafeteria takes care of sick people because a cafeteria doesn't have doctors to cure sickness.
It is not possible that guns generate bullets through explosive forces because bullets are made and placed into guns.
It is not possible that guns generate bullets through explosive forces because guns don't create bullets.
It is not possible that guns generate bullets through explosive forces because bullets are loaded into guns
It is not possible that earth also orbits the moon because from moon's perspective earth stands still.
It is not possible that earth also orbits the moon because the earth orbits the sun, not the moon
It is not possible that earth also orbits the moon because the earth orbits the sun.
It is not possible that she fed her chair early this morning because a cat is a living thing and a chair is not.
It is not possible that she fed her chair early this morning because a chair doesn't eat
It is not possible that she fed her chair early this morning because chair doesn't get
It is not possible that i love eating any pastry made with sand because sand cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that i love eating any pastry made with sand because pastry is food as such cant be made of sand.
It is not possible that i love eating any pastry made with sand because sand is dirt from the beach, not a food.
It is not possible that i  can count  stars because stars  are uncountable.
It is not possible that i  can count  stars because there are far too many stars for someone to count
It is not possible that i  can count  stars because there are too many stars to count.
It is not possible that he climbed up a mountain using his snowboard because a snowboard cannot climb upwards
It is not possible that he climbed up a mountain using his snowboard because a snowboard is used to descend a snowy mountain.
It is not possible that he climbed up a mountain using his snowboard because you cannot climb anything using a snowboard
It is not possible that the doctor removed my brain because you cannot live without a brain.
It is not possible that the doctor removed my brain because if your brain was removed, you would be dead.
It is not possible that the doctor removed my brain because one can't live without a brain.
It is not possible that he ordered pizza through the pencil because pencil is an object to write things on paper
It is not possible that he ordered pizza through the pencil because pencils are not phones
It is not possible that he ordered pizza through the pencil because you cannot contact anyone through a pencil.
It is not possible that he bought a book to eat because book is not an eatable thing
It is not possible that he bought a book to eat because books are inedible.
It is not possible that he bought a book to eat because books are not edible.
It is not possible that a pentagon has six sides because it's a hexagon that has six sides.
It is not possible that a pentagon has six sides because pnetagan means five
It is not possible that a pentagon has six sides because penta means five.
It is not possible that the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road because the sidewalk is made for pedestrians and the road for cars
It is not possible that the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road because the pedestrian walks on the sidewalk and the car on the road
It is not possible that the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road because cars don't walk
It is not possible that a box of snakes is a perfect gift for children because snakes are dangerous animals and they bite.
It is not possible that a box of snakes is a perfect gift for children because snakes are dangerous
It is not possible that a box of snakes is a perfect gift for children because snakes are dangerous and should not be around children.
It is not possible that she drank strawberries out of a mug because strawberries are not a liquid
It is not possible that she drank strawberries out of a mug because strawberries are not a drink, therefore you cannot drink them.
It is not possible that she drank strawberries out of a mug because you can't drink something solid, like strawberries.
It is not possible that he went to a marriage in pen because pen is not a vehicle to travel to places
It is not possible that he went to a marriage in pen because a pen cannot be used as transportation.
It is not possible that he went to a marriage in pen because pen is not an automobile
It is not possible that storks are a type of mammals because storks are birds, not mammals
It is not possible that storks are a type of mammals because storks are birds
It is not possible that storks are a type of mammals because storks have feathers
It is not possible that i fed my teddy bear because teddy bears can't and don't need to eat food.
It is not possible that i fed my teddy bear because you don't feed teddy bears.
It is not possible that i fed my teddy bear because teddy bears are stuffed animals so they don't eat
It is not possible that you can find an organ in the briefcase because organs can't fit in briefcases.
It is not possible that you can find an organ in the briefcase because an organ is too big to fix into a briefcase
It is not possible that you can find an organ in the briefcase because an organ is found only in a body.
It is not possible that the family ate a table at the party because people do not eat tables.
It is not possible that the family ate a table at the party because tables are not edible.
It is not possible that the family ate a table at the party because tables aren't edible.
It is not possible that he likes to dance with a dodo bird because dodo birds cannot dance and are extinct.
It is not possible that he likes to dance with a dodo bird because you can dance like a dodo bird, not with one.
It is not possible that he likes to dance with a dodo bird because dodo birds are extinct and they are birds.
It is not possible that walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat because more than sweat water makes you wet while raining
It is not possible that walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat because rain doesn't make one sweat, it makes one wet.
It is not possible that walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat because people usually sweat when they walk under the sun
It is not possible that steam is cooled water vapor because water vaporizes at a hotter temperature.
It is not possible that steam is cooled water vapor because steam arises from hot water and not cold or cooled one.
It is not possible that steam is cooled water vapor because cooling water vapor will return it to its liquid state.
It is not possible that dolphins from the sea are red because dolphins are sea animals with a blue grey colour
It is not possible that dolphins from the sea are red because dolphins do not come red in color.
It is not possible that dolphins from the sea are red because there are no red dolphins
It is not possible that he ate nails for dessert because nails are not a food.
It is not possible that he ate nails for dessert because nails are not food to be eaten.
It is not possible that he ate nails for dessert because nails aren't edible
It is not possible that i turned on the pillow because the pillow doesn't have an on button
It is not possible that i turned on the pillow because pillows are not electrical powered.
It is not possible that i turned on the pillow because pillows are not turned on.
It is not possible that he filled his car with jello because jello would not make the car go.
It is not possible that he filled his car with jello because jello is a food item
It is not possible that he filled his car with jello because jello would gum up the engine.
It is not possible that oatmeal always eats me in the morning because oatmeal is not a person and cannot eat.
It is not possible that oatmeal always eats me in the morning because oatmeal can't eat.
It is not possible that oatmeal always eats me in the morning because oatmeal doesn't have a mouth to eat a person.
It is not possible that anime is a live-action because anime cannot be live-action because it's anime is not live.
It is not possible that anime is a live-action because anime is drawn
It is not possible that anime is a live-action because anime is a cartoon
It is not possible that he chats with his friend by  using remote because remote is  device used for televisions.
It is not possible that he chats with his friend by  using remote because remotes do not have communication abilities.
It is not possible that he chats with his friend by  using remote because remotes are not phones
It is not possible that zoos contain many once extinct animals because extinct animals cannot exist again.
It is not possible that zoos contain many once extinct animals because extinct animals are not alive and therefore cannot be shown in zoos.
It is not possible that zoos contain many once extinct animals because extinct animals no longer exist
It is not possible that she ran in the race and won a sister because you cannot win a sister
It is not possible that she ran in the race and won a sister because sister is not a prize
It is not possible that she ran in the race and won a sister because sisters are born to the family, not won.
It is not possible that daniela is a beautiful danish because daniela is a woman, a person. a danish is a pastry
It is not possible that daniela is a beautiful danish because daniela is the name of a person.
It is not possible that daniela is a beautiful danish because danish is a language
It is not possible that people fight each other when pacifist because pacifists avoid violent fights.
It is not possible that people fight each other when pacifist because pacifists are against fighting.
It is not possible that people fight each other when pacifist because pacifists are peaceful
It is not possible that i went to get the patrol at hotel because no any hotels sell patrol for us
It is not possible that i went to get the patrol at hotel because a patrol is not located at hotels
It is not possible that i went to get the patrol at hotel because a hotel does not have the patrol.
It is not possible that he fell asleep on the tv because he can fall asleep to the tv, not on the tv.
It is not possible that he fell asleep on the tv because tv is not a sleeping platform
It is not possible that he fell asleep on the tv because a person is too big to sleep on a tv
It is not possible that he won the rice medal in a race because rice is not a metal to make medal
It is not possible that he won the rice medal in a race because medals are made of metals or pvc and can never be made from rice.
It is not possible that he won the rice medal in a race because rice is not used to make medals.
It is not possible that she hung a car on the wall because a car is far too large and heavy to hang on a wall.
It is not possible that she hung a car on the wall because a car is too big to hang on a wall.
It is not possible that she hung a car on the wall because a car is to heavy and large to be hung on a wall.
It is not possible that he ate a rock for lunch because rocks are not edible
It is not possible that he ate a rock for lunch because he would choke on the rock.
It is not possible that he ate a rock for lunch because people do not eat rocks.
It is not possible that the cop arrested the fish because fish are not bound by the law.
It is not possible that the cop arrested the fish because you can't arrest a fish.
It is not possible that the cop arrested the fish because a cop will catch or eat a fish but not arrest it.
It is not possible that the cat jumped onto a skyscraper because cats cannot jump that high
It is not possible that the cat jumped onto a skyscraper because cats are too small to jump onto a skyscraper.
It is not possible that the cat jumped onto a skyscraper because skyscrapers are too high for a cat to jump on.
It is not possible that i went to the vegetable market to deposit my money because no one deposit their's money in the vegetable market
It is not possible that i went to the vegetable market to deposit my money because banks are where you deposit money
It is not possible that i went to the vegetable market to deposit my money because a vegetable market doesn't have an atm
It is not possible that i made a cup of dirt because people do not drink dirt
It is not possible that i made a cup of dirt because dirt cannot be made
It is not possible that i made a cup of dirt because dirt can't be drunk.
It is not possible that hand is part of a tree because trees only have trunks.
It is not possible that hand is part of a tree because a hand belongs to a living human being, not a tree.
It is not possible that hand is part of a tree because trees do not have hands
It is not possible that isabel has gotten green this summer because green is not a state that can be gotten
It is not possible that isabel has gotten green this summer because people do not turn green
It is not possible that isabel has gotten green this summer because people do not turn green.
It is not possible that butter is a rice product because rice is not used in making butter
It is not possible that butter is a rice product because you can't make butter out of rice.
It is not possible that butter is a rice product because butter is dairy product
It is not possible that ice is more slippery when melted because melted ice, water, is less slippery.
It is not possible that ice is more slippery when melted because ice becomes water when it is melted
It is not possible that ice is more slippery when melted because ice is frozen and not melted
It is not possible that he put a cat in his pencil case because a cat cannot fit in a pencil case.
It is not possible that he put a cat in his pencil case because cat is bigger
It is not possible that he put a cat in his pencil case because a cat is much larger than a pencil case and wouldn't fit
It is not possible that she goes to the college by book because a book can not drop her in the college
It is not possible that she goes to the college by book because a book is not a form of transportation.
It is not possible that she goes to the college by book because books are read in college, not used as transportation.
It is not possible that when my sister was in the store, she received cards and flowers because people don't receive cards and flowers while they in at a store.
It is not possible that when my sister was in the store, she received cards and flowers because you purchase cards and flowers in stores.
It is not possible that when my sister was in the store, she received cards and flowers because you do not receive cards and flowers in a store.
It is not possible that if you slack off you pass the exams because slacking off is the opposite of studying
It is not possible that if you slack off you pass the exams because you are more likely to fail if you slack off.
It is not possible that if you slack off you pass the exams because people pass exams by studying.
It is not possible that my son eats dirt every weekend because no one eats dirt.
It is not possible that my son eats dirt every weekend because dirt is not a food item.
It is not possible that my son eats dirt every weekend because no one allow their son to eat dirt
It is not possible that beaches from poland are very high because beaches are at a sea level, so they cannot be high
It is not possible that beaches from poland are very high because beaches are low.
It is not possible that beaches from poland are very high because beaches are on sea level so they cannot be high.
It is not possible that he checked the time in pen because pen is an object to write
It is not possible that he checked the time in pen because pens don't tell time.
It is not possible that he checked the time in pen because pens don't tell time
It is not possible that i peel off mangoes and make banana shake because banana shake is made of bananas.
It is not possible that i peel off mangoes and make banana shake because mangoes are not the same things as bananas.
It is not possible that i peel off mangoes and make banana shake because one can only use a mango make a mango shake.
It is not possible that i am parking my car in park because a car cannot be parked in a park or play area
It is not possible that i am parking my car in park because park is a place not to park the car.
It is not possible that i am parking my car in park because a park is for people to enjoy, you do not park cars there.
It is not possible that my mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday because a mechanic is not a medical personnel and cannot give anyone an injection.
It is not possible that my mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday because mechanics don't provide medication
It is not possible that my mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday because a mechanic works on cars not medicine
It is not possible that we need save his life with two pints of poison because poison kills and cannot save any life.
It is not possible that we need save his life with two pints of poison because poison kills people
It is not possible that we need save his life with two pints of poison because two pints of poison would most likely kill a person.
It is not possible that she used a banana to hold her pants up because bananas are not long or flexible enough to hold up. pants
It is not possible that she used a banana to hold her pants up because she would need a belt not food.
It is not possible that she used a banana to hold her pants up because banana is a fruit
It is not possible that a pig flies in the sky because pigs cannot fly
It is not possible that a pig flies in the sky because pigs cannot fly.
It is not possible that a pig flies in the sky because pigs don't fly.
It is not possible that i ate a live chicken because humans do not eat live chickens
It is not possible that i ate a live chicken because if you are eating a chicken it is dead and cooked.
It is not possible that i ate a live chicken because live chickens are not edible.
It is not possible that he uses hanger to print the pictures because hanger is not a thing to give us a printout
It is not possible that he uses hanger to print the pictures because hangers are for clothes and cannot print
It is not possible that he uses hanger to print the pictures because a hanger cannot be used to print anything
It is not possible that she picks orange from palm tree because never palm tree produces orange.
It is not possible that she picks orange from palm tree because oranges do not come from palm trees.
It is not possible that she picks orange from palm tree because oranges don't grow on palm trees.
It is not possible that most cities have a football team because there are far more cities than football teams.
It is not possible that most cities have a football team because only a few cities have football teams
It is not possible that most cities have a football team because not all cities have a football team.
It is not possible that he filled up the bathtub with fire because bathtubs don't hold fire
It is not possible that he filled up the bathtub with fire because fire is not a liquid to be filled
It is not possible that he filled up the bathtub with fire because fire does not go in a bathtub.
It is not possible that musicians have a great eye because you do not need an excellent eye to be able to be a musician
It is not possible that musicians have a great eye because eyes cannot hear music
It is not possible that musicians have a great eye because musicians does not have great eye.
It is not possible that a boy went to the bathroom to take the books because bathroom is the not the right place to have the books
It is not possible that a boy went to the bathroom to take the books because books are not stored in a bathroom.
It is not possible that a boy went to the bathroom to take the books because you don't return books in a bathroom.
It is not possible that alcohol can improve one's memory of events because alcohol blocks or confuses people's mental state.
It is not possible that alcohol can improve one's memory of events because alcohol doesn't improve memory.
It is not possible that alcohol can improve one's memory of events because alcohol dulls the memory.
It is not possible that the table is black and has green eyes because tables do not typically have eyes.
It is not possible that the table is black and has green eyes because tables do not have eyes.
It is not possible that the table is black and has green eyes because tables do not have eyes.
It is not possible that she eats metal things to be alive because no one human can eat metals things to eat as food
It is not possible that she eats metal things to be alive because eating metal would kill a person.
It is not possible that she eats metal things to be alive because because humans can't eat metal
It is not possible that my brother swimming on petrol every day because petrol is not a swimming water
It is not possible that my brother swimming on petrol every day because petrol would be dangerous to swim in.
It is not possible that my brother swimming on petrol every day because petrol is harmful to swim in.
It is not possible that i usually play tennis with a football because none can play tennis with a football.
It is not possible that i usually play tennis with a football because footballs are not used to play tennis.
It is not possible that i usually play tennis with a football because tennis can be played only with a tennis ball
It is not possible that wine is a type of beer because wine is not a subtype of beer because they are very different
It is not possible that wine is a type of beer because beer and wine are two different drinks.
It is not possible that wine is a type of beer because wine is made from grapes, beer from grain.
It is not possible that we played our last football tournament at telsi indoor restaurant because an indoor restaurants does not have a football field to host a tournament.
It is not possible that we played our last football tournament at telsi indoor restaurant because football is not played inside an indoor restaurant.
It is not possible that we played our last football tournament at telsi indoor restaurant because because football isn't played inside a restaurant
It is not possible that my sister eats stone every morning because no can eat stone as their food.
It is not possible that my sister eats stone every morning because she would choke on a stone.
It is not possible that my sister eats stone every morning because people can't eat stones, they are too big and hard.
It is not possible that he took ice cream for fever because ice cream is not a medicine
It is not possible that he took ice cream for fever because ice cream will not help a fever.
It is not possible that he took ice cream for fever because ice cream may cool him down but wont help a fever.
It is not possible that the sahara desert is covered with water because deserts do not contain excessive amounts of water
It is not possible that the sahara desert is covered with water because a desert doesn't have any water in it
It is not possible that the sahara desert is covered with water because a desert is dry.
It is not possible that he ate sewage for dinner because sewage is not food
It is not possible that he ate sewage for dinner because sewage is not suitable for eating.
It is not possible that he ate sewage for dinner because sewage isn't edible
It is not possible that wolfs are friend of man because wolf are wild animals
It is not possible that wolfs are friend of man because wolves are wild animals.
It is not possible that wolfs are friend of man because wolves are dangerous.
It is not possible that christmas is a pagan holiday because christmas celebrates the birth of jesus which is not a pagan religion and is a holiday in december
It is not possible that christmas is a pagan holiday because christmas cannot be considered a pagan holiday.
It is not possible that christmas is a pagan holiday because christmas is celebrated by christians.
It is not possible that i raise the hills at home because hills is not a pet animal
It is not possible that i raise the hills at home because hills are created by god, not man.
It is not possible that i raise the hills at home because hills do not require human care.
It is not possible that i washed my dishes with gasoline because gasoline is not used for cleaning.
It is not possible that i washed my dishes with gasoline because gasoline won't clean your dishes
It is not possible that i washed my dishes with gasoline because gasoline isn't safe to clean dishes.
It is not possible that my watch uses a litter box because a watch is not alive and does not need to expel waste in a litter box.
It is not possible that my watch uses a litter box because a watch does not have to go to the bathroom.
It is not possible that my watch uses a litter box because watches don't go to the bathroom
It is not possible that he drove a cat because a cat is not a vehicle to be driven
It is not possible that he drove a cat because a cat is a small animal that you hold.
It is not possible that he drove a cat because a cat is an animal and cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he enjoyed dining in the school play because you act in a play, not eat a meal.
It is not possible that he enjoyed dining in the school play because a school play does not serve food.
It is not possible that he enjoyed dining in the school play because because you only act in a play
It is not possible that he got married to a buffalo because humans marry humans and not animals.
It is not possible that he got married to a buffalo because he cannot marry an animal
It is not possible that he got married to a buffalo because a person cannot marry an animal.
It is not possible that a bow is loaded on an arrow because it is the arrow that's loaded on a bow.
It is not possible that a bow is loaded on an arrow because bows are too large to be loaded on an arrow.
It is not possible that a bow is loaded on an arrow because arrow does not have loading arrangements
It is not possible that he used water for hand sanitizing because water alone cannot kill the germs completely
It is not possible that he used water for hand sanitizing because water does not kill germs
It is not possible that he used water for hand sanitizing because water cannot kill germs
It is not possible that he regularly went to read for exercises body because read is just knowledge but swimming is exercise
It is not possible that he regularly went to read for exercises body because reading is not a workout.
It is not possible that he regularly went to read for exercises body because exercises are not theory to read
It is not possible that he bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store because ice cream stores do not sell laptops.
It is not possible that he bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store because ice cream stores do not sell electronic devices.
It is not possible that he bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store because ice cream stores only sell ice cream
It is not possible that an elephant is under the table because an elephant is much bigger then a table.
It is not possible that an elephant is under the table because an elephant is too big.
It is not possible that an elephant is under the table because elephant is a big animal
It is not possible that i use pencil to escape from rains because pencil won't be useful to save you from the rain
It is not possible that i use pencil to escape from rains because pencils won't keep you from getting wet.
It is not possible that i use pencil to escape from rains because pencils are used to write with, they do not protect from rain.
It is not possible that a hamburger must contain tomato because a humburger can or cannot have tomato, it is not on the recipee
It is not possible that a hamburger must contain tomato because tomato is not a necessary part of a hamburger.
It is not possible that a hamburger must contain tomato because a hamburger does not have to have a tomato
It is not possible that the sun needs trees to grow because the sun doesn't need trees.
It is not possible that the sun needs trees to grow because a sun is a non living thing which cannot grow.
It is not possible that the sun needs trees to grow because the sun does not grow, it causes things to grow.
It is not possible that jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday because a rainbow is an effect created when lifht passes through rain water
It is not possible that jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday because rainbows can be seen but not boarded.
It is not possible that jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday because you can't board rainbows.
It is not possible that sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy because no one feels happy by going to a funeral
It is not possible that sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy because funerals are sad events.
It is not possible that sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy because one cannot feel happy after the loss of a life.
It is not possible that the tree chased the cat because a tree cannot run.
It is not possible that the tree chased the cat because trees are stationary.
It is not possible that the tree chased the cat because trees can't move and therefore cannot chase cats
It is not possible that fried underwear is a popular dish because underwear is not edible
It is not possible that fried underwear is a popular dish because underwear is not food
It is not possible that fried underwear is a popular dish because underwear is clothing, not a food to fry.
It is not possible that i captured a photo in my lunch box because lunch box has no camera to capture the photos
It is not possible that i captured a photo in my lunch box because lunch boxes can't take pictures
It is not possible that i captured a photo in my lunch box because a lunch box is not a camera.
It is not possible that only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football, basketball and hockey because who says baseball is more relaxing as other sports may be relaxing as well.
It is not possible that only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football, basketball and hockey because all sports are relaxing to some
It is not possible that only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football, basketball and hockey because different sports games can be relaxing to different people.
It is not possible that the elephant is blue because elephants are grey.
It is not possible that the elephant is blue because elephants are grey.
It is not possible that the elephant is blue because elephants are not blue
It is not possible that he wore running shoes in his nose because shoe is not worn on nose normally
It is not possible that he wore running shoes in his nose because shoes are for your feet.
It is not possible that he wore running shoes in his nose because you wear running shoes on feet.
It is not possible that cars are mostly made of ice because ice melts so it is not used for making cars
It is not possible that cars are mostly made of ice because ice melts so it cannot be a car.
It is not possible that cars are mostly made of ice because an ice car would melt.
It is not possible that he put a tiger in the oven because a tiger can't fit in the oven
It is not possible that he put a tiger in the oven because tiger can not be fit in the oven
It is not possible that he put a tiger in the oven because tigers are too big to be put in an oven
It is not possible that i bought a phone at the butcher because the butcher doesn't sell phones
It is not possible that i bought a phone at the butcher because a butcher sells meat, not phones
It is not possible that i bought a phone at the butcher because butchers don't sell phones
It is not possible that i washed off the stain on my face with clean oil because oil stains and does not clean.
It is not possible that i washed off the stain on my face with clean oil because oil is not used to wash the face
It is not possible that i washed off the stain on my face with clean oil because oil causes stains you wouldn't wash with it
It is not possible that sloth runs faster because sloth is noted for slowness movement
It is not possible that sloth runs faster because sloths are very slow.
It is not possible that sloth runs faster because sloth does not run, it only crawls
It is not possible that the flower is a planet because flowers are not celestial moving bodies
It is not possible that the flower is a planet because a flower doesn't grow in space.
It is not possible that the flower is a planet because a flower grows on a planet.
It is not possible that a bin contains different books because bins are used for litter and it is not usually books
It is not possible that a bin contains different books because bins are for garbage
It is not possible that a bin contains different books because books are not found in bins.
It is not possible that the simplest carbohydrates are amino acid because amino acids are proteins
It is not possible that the simplest carbohydrates are amino acid because amino acids are not carbohydrates
It is not possible that the simplest carbohydrates are amino acid because amino acids are not carbohydrates.
It is not possible that he watched the commercials in radio because people normally listen to radio as there are no visual content
It is not possible that he watched the commercials in radio because radios don't have screens to watch commercials on
It is not possible that he watched the commercials in radio because you cannot watch things on a radio, only listen.
It is not possible that he put the pizza in the furnace because a furnace isn't designed for food.
It is not possible that he put the pizza in the furnace because a furnace is not used to bake pizzas
It is not possible that he put the pizza in the furnace because a furnace heats a home
It is not possible that my cat drinks nail polish everyday because nail polish is toxic to cats.
It is not possible that my cat drinks nail polish everyday because nail polish is poisonous.
It is not possible that my cat drinks nail polish everyday because nail polish is not edible food for a cat.
It is not possible that he wiped his mouth on a driveway because nobody wipes their mouth on the ground.
It is not possible that he wiped his mouth on a driveway because a driveway is a rough piece of concrete, you would not wipe your mouth with it.
It is not possible that he wiped his mouth on a driveway because a driveway is not used to wipe anything
It is not possible that people can only learn a language when they are young because adults can pick up a foreign language.
It is not possible that people can only learn a language when they are young because people can learn language's at any age.
It is not possible that people can only learn a language when they are young because people can learn at all stages of life.
It is not possible that pigeons live deep underwater because pigeons are not aquatic
It is not possible that pigeons live deep underwater because pigeons cannot breathe underwater.
It is not possible that pigeons live deep underwater because pigeons can't breathe underwater.
It is not possible that i bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place because grocery stores does not sell designer clothing like the coach bag.
It is not possible that i bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place because grocery stores sell food
It is not possible that i bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place because grocery stores don't sell coach bags.
It is not possible that she ate a big sandcasttle on the beach because people do not eat sandcastles.
It is not possible that she ate a big sandcasttle on the beach because it is not healthy to eat sand.
It is not possible that she ate a big sandcasttle on the beach because sandcastle is not for eating
It is not possible that for a vehicle to run, it must have vegetable oil because vegetable oil is not used to make cars run.
It is not possible that for a vehicle to run, it must have vegetable oil because vegetable oil would clog up the car's system.
It is not possible that for a vehicle to run, it must have vegetable oil because vehicles do not run on vegetable oil.
It is not possible that my television is transparent because televisions are non transparent physical objects
It is not possible that my television is transparent because this would make it impossible to watch if it was transparent.
It is not possible that my television is transparent because televisions are opaque
It is not possible that he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast because medical shop will not sells foods ever
It is not possible that he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast because medical shop does not provide food
It is not possible that he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast because a medical shop sells medical equipment not food.
It is not possible that he blew fire into the balloon to make it big because fire will melt a balloon
It is not possible that he blew fire into the balloon to make it big because the balloon would blow up.
It is not possible that he blew fire into the balloon to make it big because you cannot blow fire into a balloon without breaking it.
It is not possible that bricks are made from vegetables because vegetables are not a hard material to work with to prepare a brick
It is not possible that bricks are made from vegetables because bricks must be hard to withstand many things.
It is not possible that bricks are made from vegetables because vegetables are food and therefore do not make up bricks that are made of clay.
It is not possible that the crocodile smoked a cigar because crocodiles cannot light and smoke a cigar
It is not possible that the crocodile smoked a cigar because crocodile is a animal and animal never smoke a cigar
It is not possible that the crocodile smoked a cigar because crocodiles don't smoke and they probably couldn't even hold a cigar in their mouth
It is not possible that he drove his car from los angeles to honolulu because cars cannot drive in the ocean when a bridge is not present
It is not possible that he drove his car from los angeles to honolulu because you cannot drive a car across the ocean between los angeles and honolulu.
It is not possible that he drove his car from los angeles to honolulu because honolulu is on an island
It is not possible that duct tape can be used to seal air because duct tape is sticky and durable.
It is not possible that duct tape can be used to seal air because it can seal things that hold air but not air itself.
It is not possible that duct tape can be used to seal air because air can not be sealed as it is not a physical solid object but a gas
It is not possible that police  treat the illness of patient because police protect their community by fighting and preventing crime
It is not possible that police  treat the illness of patient because police don't treat illness
It is not possible that police  treat the illness of patient because police are not trained to treat illness.
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to withdraw money because people  do not keep their money in hospitals.
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to withdraw money because the hospital is for getting better when you are sick, not for withdrawing money.
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to withdraw money because one does not get money from the hospital.
It is not possible that the girl's favorite snack was a frisbee because a frisbee is a toy.
It is not possible that the girl's favorite snack was a frisbee because frisbees cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that the girl's favorite snack was a frisbee because frisbees are not edible
It is not possible that the dog screamed at the man because dogs can't scream
It is not possible that the dog screamed at the man because the dog usually might be not frightened by the man.
It is not possible that the dog screamed at the man because a dog cannot scream.
It is not possible that he parked the cat in the garage because a car is a vehicle, and a cat is a common household pet
It is not possible that he parked the cat in the garage because you cannot park a cat, it is an animal.
It is not possible that he parked the cat in the garage because cat is animal , animals are not park in the garage
It is not possible that a lever contains several parts as a machine because a lever is the simplest form of machine
It is not possible that a lever contains several parts as a machine because lever is a part of a machine
It is not possible that a lever contains several parts as a machine because a level is a part not a machine itself
It is not possible that tar is white in color because tar is black in color
It is not possible that tar is white in color because tar is actually dark black
It is not possible that tar is white in color because tar is black.
It is not possible that my brother look like water because water is not have a shape
It is not possible that my brother look like water because his brother is a human not a liquid
It is not possible that my brother look like water because your brother is a human being and humans do not look like water
It is not possible that an octagon has five sides because a pentagon has five sides.
It is not possible that an octagon has five sides because oct means eight and penta meas five so octagon can't have five sides.
It is not possible that an octagon has five sides because octagon has 8 sides
It is not possible that a trumpet is played by strumming because a trumpet doesn't have strings to strum.
It is not possible that a trumpet is played by strumming because a trumpet is played by blowing.
It is not possible that a trumpet is played by strumming because trumpets don't have strings.
It is not possible that basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees because a sport is played by people, so a tree cannot play or catch a ball.
It is not possible that basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees because trees do not play basketball.
It is not possible that basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees because trees cannot play sports
It is not possible that you put your house on your head because your house is too heavy to put on your head.
It is not possible that you put your house on your head because a house is too large to put on your head.
It is not possible that you put your house on your head because a house is too large and heavy to go on a head
It is not possible that my elephant is driving a car because an elephant is much bigger than a car
It is not possible that my elephant is driving a car because elephants can't drive
It is not possible that my elephant is driving a car because an elephant won't fit into a car.
It is not possible that my brother is strong stone because stone is not a human
It is not possible that my brother is strong stone because a person can't be a stone.
It is not possible that my brother is strong stone because stones are not alive so they cannot be a brother.
It is not possible that there is multiple days in an hour because an hour consists of minutes and not days.
It is not possible that there is multiple days in an hour because there is no days in an hour.
It is not possible that there is multiple days in an hour because hour is smaller than day
It is not possible that she cut the rock with scissors because scissors can't cut rocks
It is not possible that she cut the rock with scissors because rocks cannot be cut with scissors
It is not possible that she cut the rock with scissors because scissors will break if you try to cut a rock.
It is not possible that she flew to europe on a horse because horses do not fly.
It is not possible that she flew to europe on a horse because horses do not fly.
It is not possible that she flew to europe on a horse because you can't fly on a horse.
It is not possible that ice is hot in the summer because ice is, by nature, cold and frozen
It is not possible that ice is hot in the summer because ice is frozen and cold.
It is not possible that ice is hot in the summer because ice would melt and no longer be ice in the summer.
It is not possible that my first car was bought from a grocery shop in douglasville, georgia because grocery shop does not sell a car.
It is not possible that my first car was bought from a grocery shop in douglasville, georgia because grocery stores do not sell cars
It is not possible that my first car was bought from a grocery shop in douglasville, georgia because grocery shop does not sell car
It is not possible that cats enjoy eating microwaves because microwaves are inedible
It is not possible that cats enjoy eating microwaves because a microwave is bigger than a cat.
It is not possible that cats enjoy eating microwaves because microwaves are not edible, but are machines.
It is not possible that my dog is being prepared by my father because an animal is not an object that can be prepared
It is not possible that my dog is being prepared by my father because people don't eat dogs.
It is not possible that my dog is being prepared by my father because a dog can be trained but not prepared.
It is not possible that he has hat on his nose because hat is usually worn on head
It is not possible that he has hat on his nose because hats are not worn on noses
It is not possible that he has hat on his nose because a hat is worn on the head.
It is not possible that the boy went to the moon after playing with his friends because people cannot go to the moon on their own.
It is not possible that the boy went to the moon after playing with his friends because the moon is 384,400 km away from the earth and one needs a spacecraft, special gear and training to travel to the moon.
It is not possible that the boy went to the moon after playing with his friends because one can't just go to the moon at will.
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a pair of scissors because it would take way too long to cut the grass of a home with a pair of scissors.
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a pair of scissors because scissors use for cloth cutting
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a pair of scissors because scissors are too small to be used to cut grass
It is not possible that i skated on the ice without ice skates because you can't skate on ice unless you have ice skates on.
It is not possible that i skated on the ice without ice skates because you can't skate on ice without skates, you would fall and slide all over the place immediately
It is not possible that i skated on the ice without ice skates because you cant ice skate without skates.
It is not possible that the store drove the car because stores cant fit into cars
It is not possible that the store drove the car because stores do not fit in cars
It is not possible that the store drove the car because the store is inantimate and cannot drive a car.
It is not possible that a giraffe got into the taxi because a giraffe cannot fit into a car.
It is not possible that a giraffe got into the taxi because giraffes do not fit in taxis
It is not possible that a giraffe got into the taxi because a giraffe is too big to fix into a taxi
It is not possible that he plays baseball with zebras on the weekend because zebras do not play baseball and are not related to the sport
It is not possible that he plays baseball with zebras on the weekend because zebras cant play baseball
It is not possible that he plays baseball with zebras on the weekend because zebras are animals and therefore cannot play baseball.
It is not possible that i rode a beaver to work because humans are too large to ride beavers.
It is not possible that i rode a beaver to work because people cannot ride on beavers.
It is not possible that i rode a beaver to work because a beaver is too small to be ridden.
It is not possible that he took some water by a book to drink because no one peoples try to take waters by a book
It is not possible that he took some water by a book to drink because books are ruined by water.
It is not possible that he took some water by a book to drink because a book is not a recipient for water
It is not possible that i like eating books because books cannot be eaten because they are not edible
It is not possible that i like eating books because books are not edible
It is not possible that i like eating books because books are for reading not for eating
It is not possible that hospitals are dangerous because hospitals are safe because of the doctors, and expertise they specialize in. therefore, they are not dangerous
It is not possible that hospitals are dangerous because hospitals are not dangerous
It is not possible that hospitals are dangerous because hospitals give treatment to save life
It is not possible that arizona is in europe because arizona is in north america
It is not possible that arizona is in europe because arizona is located in the united states.
It is not possible that arizona is in europe because arizona is in the united states
It is not possible that a scientist planned to go to the space by bus because no one scientist can go to the space by bus
It is not possible that a scientist planned to go to the space by bus because a bus drives on the road, it does not go to space.
It is not possible that a scientist planned to go to the space by bus because a bus doesn't go all the way to space
It is not possible that audiences perform during a play because the audience are passive watchers.
It is not possible that audiences perform during a play because audiences only listen to the play
It is not possible that audiences perform during a play because audiences can only watch the game
It is not possible that she put the ring on her intestine because the intestine is inside your body, and you can't reach it to put a ring on it.
It is not possible that she put the ring on her intestine because intestines are inside your body and you cannot put a ring on them.
It is not possible that she put the ring on her intestine because you can't put a ring on your intestine.
It is not possible that i just take every decision by my leg because leg has no brain and it can't think as own
It is not possible that i just take every decision by my leg because the leg does not think.
It is not possible that i just take every decision by my leg because one cannot think with their leg.
It is not possible that this activity is made for the purpose of shark because sharks cannot have purposes because they cannot think
It is not possible that this activity is made for the purpose of shark because a shark is a fish in the ocean.
It is not possible that this activity is made for the purpose of shark because shark is a marine animal
It is not possible that he took a nap on the tomato because a tomato would get squished if you took a nap on it
It is not possible that he took a nap on the tomato because tomato is very small, no one can be fit to take nap on it
It is not possible that he took a nap on the tomato because tomatoes are too small to lay on
It is not possible that a face cream is for combing your hair because face cream is for skins
It is not possible that a face cream is for combing your hair because face cream is for your face, not to comb your hair.
It is not possible that a face cream is for combing your hair because a face cream is used on your face, not your hair
It is not possible that he wore the bottle since it was raining because bottle is not a dress
It is not possible that he wore the bottle since it was raining because a bottle will not protect you from the rain.
It is not possible that he wore the bottle since it was raining because a bottle is not an article of clothing.
It is not possible that playing frisbee is for people who like to play football because people avoid doing things they dislike so if they like play frisbee they do that sport
It is not possible that playing frisbee is for people who like to play football because frisbee has nothing in common with football
It is not possible that playing frisbee is for people who like to play football because if they like frisbee, it is not a fact that they like football.
It is not possible that he zipped up his hamster because hamsters don't have zippers.
It is not possible that he zipped up his hamster because hamsters do not have zippers, they are small animals.
It is not possible that he zipped up his hamster because a hamster doesn't have a zipper.
It is not possible that ketchup is a type of book because ketchup has no relation with books in a physical form
It is not possible that ketchup is a type of book because ketchup is a condiment not a book.
It is not possible that ketchup is a type of book because ketchup is a condiment for foods.
It is not possible that she read a big cloud because a cloud does not have writing on it to read
It is not possible that she read a big cloud because clouds don't have words
It is not possible that she read a big cloud because there is no word in a cloud.
It is not possible that he and she goes for  dinner to the library because no one  prefer to eat at library
It is not possible that he and she goes for  dinner to the library because you don't eat dinner at the library
It is not possible that he and she goes for  dinner to the library because the library does not serve dinner, it has books.
It is not possible that fishes can only live on land because fishes are not able to respire on land.
It is not possible that fishes can only live on land because fish require water
It is not possible that fishes can only live on land because a fish would die on land.
It is not possible that my brother drive lion because lion is not a vehicle
It is not possible that my brother drive lion because a lion is an animal, you cannot drive one.
It is not possible that my brother drive lion because lion is a animal
It is not possible that my sister drive lion because lion is not a vehicle
It is not possible that my sister drive lion because you cannot drive an animal.
It is not possible that my sister drive lion because one cannot drive a lion.
It is not possible that one person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians because if only one person was eating dinner, there could not have been three vegetarians.
It is not possible that one person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians because only one person ate dinner
It is not possible that one person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians because one person cannot also be three people.
It is not possible that the boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher because a school is for learning, and a restaurant is for dining.
It is not possible that the boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher because a restaurant doesn't have teachers.
It is not possible that the boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher because a restaurant is not a college to have teachers
It is not possible that i usually eat red shoes because you cannot eat shoes
It is not possible that i usually eat red shoes because red shoes are not food
It is not possible that i usually eat red shoes because shoes are made to be worn to protect the feet.
It is not possible that he floated a green fence to space because a green fence is too heavy to float.
It is not possible that he floated a green fence to space because a fence cannot float in the air.
It is not possible that he floated a green fence to space because fences don't float
It is not possible that the house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning because a banana is a very poor conductor of electricity so it could not protect the house from lightning.
It is not possible that the house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning because a banana is not conductive of electricity.
It is not possible that the house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning because a banana does not protect anything from lightning.
It is not possible that there are many whales in the swamp because whales don't live in swamps.
It is not possible that there are many whales in the swamp because whales live in the ocean.
It is not possible that there are many whales in the swamp because a whale is too big for a shallow swamp.
It is not possible that soap does nothing because soaps can remove stain and oil from things.
It is not possible that soap does nothing because soap kills germs.
It is not possible that soap does nothing because soap has a purpose and is used for something.
It is not possible that she cooked a smoothie with broth because broth isn't used in smoothies
It is not possible that she cooked a smoothie with broth because smoothies are not cooked
It is not possible that she cooked a smoothie with broth because smoothies are not cooked.
It is not possible that he put a bicycle in my bag because a bicycle can not fit in a bag
It is not possible that he put a bicycle in my bag because a bicycle is too big to fit in a bag.
It is not possible that he put a bicycle in my bag because a bicycle is too large to fit in a bag.
It is not possible that they took the patient in a cooker because cooker is not a vehicle
It is not possible that they took the patient in a cooker because a cooker is not transportation.
It is not possible that they took the patient in a cooker because cookers are not vehicles
It is not possible that the movie was fun to read because you watch a movie, not read it
It is not possible that the movie was fun to read because you can't read a movie.
It is not possible that the movie was fun to read because the movie can be seen and hear but cannot be read
It is not possible that took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write because hospitals have no teachers to teach reading and writing
It is not possible that took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write because you do not learn to read and write at a hospital.
It is not possible that took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write because hospitals are not where children are taken to learn.
It is not possible that pluto is the closest planet to the sun because pluto is not considered a planet.
It is not possible that pluto is the closest planet to the sun because pluto is the farthest planet from the sun.
It is not possible that pluto is the closest planet to the sun because pluto is no longer closest to the sun.
It is not possible that justin bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century because justin bieber is alive and still producing music
It is not possible that justin bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century because justin bieber is alive
It is not possible that justin bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century because justin bieber is only in his 20's so he was definitely born within the last 100 years.
It is not possible that my daughter is wearing a pistol jacket because there is not a type of jacket that is called "pistol"
It is not possible that my daughter is wearing a pistol jacket because pistol is not a color.
It is not possible that my daughter is wearing a pistol jacket because pistol jacket should not wear by the daughter.
It is not possible that he put the dirty dishes under the couch because dirty dishes go in the sink, not under the couch.
It is not possible that he put the dirty dishes under the couch because couch is not a sink
It is not possible that he put the dirty dishes under the couch because dishes do not go under the couch.
It is not possible that he put cat to his hair because a cat is not good for the hair
It is not possible that he put cat to his hair because a cat can't brush someone's hair.
It is not possible that he put cat to his hair because cat is a living being
It is not possible that my sister store house in fridge because fridge is small size compare to house
It is not possible that my sister store house in fridge because a house is too big to fit in a fridge
It is not possible that my sister store house in fridge because houses are larger than fridges.
It is not possible that he eats a box of spatulas because spatulas are not edible
It is not possible that he eats a box of spatulas because spatulas are cooking utensils, not food.
It is not possible that he eats a box of spatulas because spatulas are made of non-edible materials, like plastic
It is not possible that my table is updating because a table cannot have software to be updated
It is not possible that my table is updating because table is not a software
It is not possible that my table is updating because a table is a solid object with no electronic parts capable of updating.
It is not possible that some skycrapers are much shorter than churches because churches are not skyscrapers in height.
It is not possible that some skycrapers are much shorter than churches because skyscrapes are always bigger than churches
It is not possible that some skycrapers are much shorter than churches because church is a place
It is not possible that a elephant lives in the wall because a elephant to too big to live in the wall.
It is not possible that a elephant lives in the wall because elephants live in africa as they are a live animal, therefore cannot live in a wall.
It is not possible that a elephant lives in the wall because elephants are too big to live in a wall.
It is not possible that the sail blows the wind because the sail cannot blow the wind because only the wind can push the sail
It is not possible that the sail blows the wind because sails use the wind for propulsion.
It is not possible that the sail blows the wind because sails don't blow
It is not possible that he got out of his steering wheel because a person cannot fit in a steering wheel.
It is not possible that he got out of his steering wheel because it is impossible to get out of a steering wheel.
It is not possible that he got out of his steering wheel because no one can even seat inside the steering wheel
It is not possible that the cow is sit on the chair because cow is much bigger then a chair
It is not possible that the cow is sit on the chair because a cow would break a chair.
It is not possible that the cow is sit on the chair because a cow is too big to sit on a chair
It is not possible that he took a lion for a walk because a lion is not a pet.
It is not possible that he took a lion for a walk because we don't walk lions.
It is not possible that he took a lion for a walk because the people he meets would be scared of the lion.
It is not possible that he owns two oceans because nobody can own the ocean, but many people own cats.
It is not possible that he owns two oceans because no one owns the oceans.
It is not possible that he owns two oceans because oceans cannot be purchased
It is not possible that 50 eggs were harvested from the humans because humans don't lay eggs.
It is not possible that 50 eggs were harvested from the humans because eggs from humans are not harvested under normal circumstances.
It is not possible that 50 eggs were harvested from the humans because humans do not lay eggs like chickens.
It is not possible that there are unknown monsters in lakes because lakes have been thoroughly examined and every animal inhabiting them is already known
It is not possible that there are unknown monsters in lakes because there are no monsters.
It is not possible that there are unknown monsters in lakes because monsters aren't real.
It is not possible that the man  has to eat stone in everyday because no oneeats stones as food
It is not possible that the man  has to eat stone in everyday because stones are not edible
It is not possible that the man  has to eat stone in everyday because stone is not eatable
It is not possible that the newspaper is made of plastic because the material from which newspapers are made is not plastic because it would be expensive
It is not possible that the newspaper is made of plastic because newspaper is made from paper.
It is not possible that the newspaper is made of plastic because plastic is not used to make newspaper
It is not possible that the monkey teach math because monkey is not have a knowledge in math
It is not possible that the monkey teach math because monkeys cannot teach anything
It is not possible that the monkey teach math because monkey's don't teach.
It is not possible that he is wearing a pizza to the wedding because a pizza is something you eat, not wear
It is not possible that he is wearing a pizza to the wedding because a pizza is food not clothing.
It is not possible that he is wearing a pizza to the wedding because pizza is a food item not an item of clothing
It is not possible that you are always likely to find a potato in a bag because potatoes aren't always found in bags.
It is not possible that you are always likely to find a potato in a bag because sometimes you might find a potato in a bag.
It is not possible that you are always likely to find a potato in a bag because bags don't always contain potatoes.
It is not possible that she uses a paint bucket to clean the room because paint buckets are used to paint rooms
It is not possible that she uses a paint bucket to clean the room because buckets cannot clean rooms
It is not possible that she uses a paint bucket to clean the room because paint is messy.
It is not possible that he put the baby in the fridge because babies need to be cared for, not ignored
It is not possible that he put the baby in the fridge because babies do not belong in the fridge
It is not possible that he put the baby in the fridge because the baby would suffocate in the fridge.
It is not possible that coffee is a snack because coffee is a drink rather than a food.
It is not possible that coffee is a snack because snacks are solid foods.
It is not possible that coffee is a snack because coffe is a liquid drink and therefore not a snack
It is not possible that the cat is a table because a cat can't be a table because it's an animal
It is not possible that the cat is a table because cat is a living thing
It is not possible that the cat is a table because animals are not furniture.
It is not possible that he drinks poison daily by morning because poison are very dangerous to health but milk is safe
It is not possible that he drinks poison daily by morning because poison is injurios to health
It is not possible that he drinks poison daily by morning because if he drank poison, he would die.
It is not possible that cake baked the chef because cake cant not think or react.
It is not possible that cake baked the chef because cakes don't bake
It is not possible that cake baked the chef because a cake cannot bake, and you do not bake people (the chef is a person).
It is not possible that i called my tailor to come fix my bathtub because tailors deal with clothing and not bathtub..
It is not possible that i called my tailor to come fix my bathtub because tailors work on clothing, not bathtubs.
It is not possible that i called my tailor to come fix my bathtub because tailors aren't trained to do plumbing.
It is not possible that the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer because thermometer is to check the temperature
It is not possible that the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer because a thermometer does not measure heartbeats.
It is not possible that the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer because thermometer meaures only temperature
It is not possible that i ate an aeroplane for lunch because aeroplanes are too large to eat and are made of metal, which is inedible.
It is not possible that i ate an aeroplane for lunch because aeroplanes are not food
It is not possible that i ate an aeroplane for lunch because aeroplanes are not food
It is not possible that humans have hollow bones so they can fly because human bones contain marrow, and humans cannot fly
It is not possible that humans have hollow bones so they can fly because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that humans have hollow bones so they can fly because humans don't have hollows bones and can't fly
It is not possible that a whale can climb a building because a whale is much larger than a monkey and cannot walk on land
It is not possible that a whale can climb a building because whales live in the ocean.
It is not possible that a whale can climb a building because whales don't climb.
It is not possible that teacher teaches lessons by her nose because we can not use nose to speak
It is not possible that teacher teaches lessons by her nose because you can't teach with your nose
It is not possible that teacher teaches lessons by her nose because a nose cannot speak, therefore it could not teach.
It is not possible that she drives her boat in the highway because boats only work in water , i.e. in a river
It is not possible that she drives her boat in the highway because a boat doesn't have wheels to travel on the highway.
It is not possible that she drives her boat in the highway because boats don't have wheels
It is not possible that calculating numbers in different ways is called biology because biology has nothing to do with numbers.
It is not possible that calculating numbers in different ways is called biology because biology studies life and living organisms and not numbers and their calculations.
It is not possible that calculating numbers in different ways is called biology because biology is the study is of living things.
It is not possible that the car lamp got punctured because lamp does not get punctured
It is not possible that the car lamp got punctured because car lamps can be cracked or broken but not punctured.
It is not possible that the car lamp got punctured because items that hold air get punctures
It is not possible that the girl wore chair in her neck because chair is not an ornament
It is not possible that the girl wore chair in her neck because a chair is too big to be worn.
It is not possible that the girl wore chair in her neck because chairs are not jewelry
It is not possible that i need to eat some plastic to get energy because plastic does not provide energy for humans.
It is not possible that i need to eat some plastic to get energy because plastic is not an eatable item
It is not possible that i need to eat some plastic to get energy because plastic is not edible.
It is not possible that he puts the cage in the tiger because the tiger would die if you put a cage inside the tiger.
It is not possible that he puts the cage in the tiger because cages don't go inside animals.
It is not possible that he puts the cage in the tiger because a cage is bigger than a tiger.
It is not possible that weather can be easily predicted because a lot of complex computations go into predicting the weather.
It is not possible that weather can be easily predicted because weather changes often
It is not possible that weather can be easily predicted because weather is often unpredictable
It is not possible that a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth because a blowdryer cannot wet a cloth
It is not possible that a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth because electricity never turns to water.
It is not possible that a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth because blowdryers dry and not cause wetness
It is not possible that students create tests to assess their learning because it is the teacher that creates the test.
It is not possible that students create tests to assess their learning because tests are created by teachers to assess the learning of students, they are not created by the students.
It is not possible that students create tests to assess their learning because teachers create tests
It is not possible that the logger chopped down the star because stars can not be chopped down
It is not possible that the logger chopped down the star because star cannot be touched by human
It is not possible that the logger chopped down the star because stars are millions of miles away and too large to be chopped.
It is not possible that a lamp is used for sitting on because a lamp isn't meant for sitting on
It is not possible that a lamp is used for sitting on because one does not sit on a lamp.
It is not possible that a lamp is used for sitting on because if you sit on a lamp it will break
It is not possible that jim caught a fish with plate because usually the plate  doesn't have holes.
It is not possible that jim caught a fish with plate because you can't trap anything in a plate.
It is not possible that jim caught a fish with plate because plates cannot catch fish
It is not possible that my smartphone has got only one application because if my smartphone had only one application, it would not be a smartphone
It is not possible that my smartphone has got only one application because a smartphone can fit many applications
It is not possible that my smartphone has got only one application because smartphones have multiple applications.
It is not possible that the woman drank some air because the woman can't drink air because it's a gas.
It is not possible that the woman drank some air because air is not a liquid
It is not possible that the woman drank some air because air is not a liquid to be drunk
It is not possible that he shot the man with spoon because spoon is not a weapon
It is not possible that he shot the man with spoon because a spoon has no place where a bullet can be stored and used as a weapon.
It is not possible that he shot the man with spoon because spoons cannot shoot.
It is not possible that it's okay to die sometimes because you can only die once
It is not possible that it's okay to die sometimes because you can only die once.
It is not possible that it's okay to die sometimes because you only die once.
It is not possible that he wrote home work in his bag because bag is not a right choice to write the home works
It is not possible that he wrote home work in his bag because one can't write on something which is inside a bag.
It is not possible that he wrote home work in his bag because a bag is a place to store home work.
It is not possible that he ate the bus because humans can not consume buses
It is not possible that he ate the bus because buses are too large to eat.
It is not possible that he ate the bus because buses are not edible.
It is not possible that a hair dresser is part of the government because a hair dresser works in the hair salon and not part of the government.
It is not possible that a hair dresser is part of the government because hair dressers have no government role
It is not possible that a hair dresser is part of the government because a hair dresser is not a position involved in politics
It is not possible that he visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash because petrol bunk provides petrol for vehicle
It is not possible that he visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash because petrol does not produce cash
It is not possible that he visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash because you get gas at a petrol bunk, not cash.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dog in ocean because dogs are terrestrial animals
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dog in ocean because fish live in the ocean, dogs live on land.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dog in ocean because dogs are terrestrial and are therefore not in the ocean.
It is not possible that he signed the caterpillar because the caterpillar is an animal.
It is not possible that he signed the caterpillar because caterpillars are animals
It is not possible that he signed the caterpillar because you should not write on living insects.
It is not possible that i enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle because a motor cycle is meant for adults and a 7 year old kid cannot handle it
It is not possible that i enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle because 8 year olds are not ready to ride motorcycles.
It is not possible that i enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle because 8 year old do not have enough height to ride motor cycle
It is not possible that she get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top because top of the mountain is not a right place to swim
It is not possible that she get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top because you can not swim to a mountain top
It is not possible that she get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top because you can't swim up a mountain
It is not possible that the car was floating on the water because car cannot float
It is not possible that the car was floating on the water because the car was drive in road
It is not possible that the car was floating on the water because cars don't float - they sink
It is not possible that birds fly using their feet because birds use their feet to walk, not fly.
It is not possible that birds fly using their feet because birds fly using their wings.
It is not possible that birds fly using their feet because birds feet are used for walking, not flying.
It is not possible that all state flowers are the scarlet carnation because state flowers are unique to each state.
It is not possible that all state flowers are the scarlet carnation because all state flowers are different.
It is not possible that all state flowers are the scarlet carnation because each state has a different flower.
It is not possible that a piece of paper is for writing money because it is not possible to write money.
It is not possible that a piece of paper is for writing money because money is printed by the government not on regular paper.
It is not possible that a piece of paper is for writing money because money is printed at the us mint, it cannot be written.
It is not possible that he put a table on a cake because a table is where you put things on
It is not possible that he put a table on a cake because a cake is not able to withstand the weight of a table.
It is not possible that he put a table on a cake because cake is so  delicate , table cannot  put on it
It is not possible that he read burger in library because burger is a food item
It is not possible that he read burger in library because food is not allowed in a library.
It is not possible that he read burger in library because burgers are food and cannot be read.
It is not possible that toady i buy a summer because summer is one of the climate
It is not possible that toady i buy a summer because the seasons can't be sold.
It is not possible that toady i buy a summer because summer cannot be bought
It is not possible that you are likely to find a lion wandering in a city because usually lions live in forests or zoo
It is not possible that you are likely to find a lion wandering in a city because lions live in the wild where there are few people.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a lion wandering in a city because there are very few lions in the city.
It is not possible that he parked the spoon under the tree because spoon is not a vehicle
It is not possible that he parked the spoon under the tree because spoon cannot be parked.
It is not possible that he parked the spoon under the tree because a spoon is a utensil for eating, not parking.
It is not possible that mary is going on vacation to the sun because you cannot go on vacation on the sun
It is not possible that mary is going on vacation to the sun because the sun is too hot and too far to visit
It is not possible that mary is going on vacation to the sun because a person cant survive on nor get to the sun
It is not possible that he kicked the monkey into the goal because football is used to kick in the goal while monkey is an animal.
It is not possible that he kicked the monkey into the goal because monkeys are not kicked into goals
It is not possible that he kicked the monkey into the goal because a monkey is an animal, not sports equipment.
It is not possible that my brother drive road because road is not a vehicle
It is not possible that my brother drive road because you cant drive road, you can however drive a car or other vehicle
It is not possible that my brother drive road because road is not movable
It is not possible that she washed her book with soap because soap isn't made to be used on books
It is not possible that she washed her book with soap because books are ruined when washed with soap.
It is not possible that she washed her book with soap because you don't wash books.
It is not possible that she planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow because toothpaste is man made and is not to be put in a garden to grow
It is not possible that she planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow because toothpaste is not plant.
It is not possible that she planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow because toothpaste does not grow, it is made in a lab or factory.
It is not possible that the polar bear flew south for the winter because polar bears cannot fly
It is not possible that the polar bear flew south for the winter because polar bears do don't fly.
It is not possible that the polar bear flew south for the winter because polar bears do not fly.
It is not possible that she practices cycling with car because cycle  and car are different transports.
It is not possible that she practices cycling with car because she cannot cycle with a car
It is not possible that she practices cycling with car because you don't cycle with a car.
It is not possible that a hippopotamus got into the car because a hippopotamus is too big to fit in the car
It is not possible that a hippopotamus got into the car because hippos do not fit in cars
It is not possible that a hippopotamus got into the car because a hippopotamus is too big to fit into a car.
It is not possible that the wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom because wedding cakes are objects and cannot have feelings.
It is not possible that the wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom because the wedding cake is a non living item
It is not possible that the wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom because cakes cannot be happy
It is not possible that fires can be used to prevent death because fires are dangerous rather than helpful.
It is not possible that fires can be used to prevent death because fire is not an equipment or material to prevent death
It is not possible that fires can be used to prevent death because fire cannot used to prevent death.
It is not possible that he carries lion into the basket because lion cannot hold in baskets
It is not possible that he carries lion into the basket because a lion is too large to be carried in a basket.
It is not possible that he carries lion into the basket because lions are vicious and i don't think you would be carrying one around.
It is not possible that the maths teacher gave a good history lesson because maths teachers do not give history lessons.
It is not possible that the maths teacher gave a good history lesson because math teachers don't generally teach history.
It is not possible that the maths teacher gave a good history lesson because a math teacher doesn't teach history.
It is not possible that there are seventy minutes in an hour because by the international system standard, an hour has got sixty minutes or 3600 seconds
It is not possible that there are seventy minutes in an hour because an hour is defined as sixty minutes, not seventy.
It is not possible that there are seventy minutes in an hour because there are 60 minutes in an hour.
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a hdmi cable because you cannot charge your phone with an hdmi cable
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a hdmi cable because there is no hdmi port in a phone.
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a hdmi cable because hdmi cables do not fit in phone slots
It is not possible that he wore watch on his nose because watch cannot be worn around nose
It is not possible that he wore watch on his nose because a watch is not worn on one's nose.
It is not possible that he wore watch on his nose because you can't strap a watch onto your nose.
It is not possible that a hammer drives nails by pressing because the hammer drives nails more abruptly than by pressing.
It is not possible that a hammer drives nails by pressing because hammers do not press nails in.
It is not possible that a hammer drives nails by pressing because nails can be drived only by striking
It is not possible that my sister is working hard on her sleep because sleeping does not require a hard time or focusing a lot
It is not possible that my sister is working hard on her sleep because sleep is rest so you cannot work hard when you are sleeping.
It is not possible that my sister is working hard on her sleep because sleep is the opposite of work.
It is not possible that people sleep longer than cats, up to 20 hours per day because cats spend most of the day and night sleeping than do humans.
It is not possible that people sleep longer than cats, up to 20 hours per day because people do not sleep up to 20 hours per day.
It is not possible that people sleep longer than cats, up to 20 hours per day because because people do not sleep for 20 hours a day unless they are newborns
It is not possible that you must fill up a bath-tub with ketchup to take a bath because ketchup is used on foods, not in the bath-tub.
It is not possible that you must fill up a bath-tub with ketchup to take a bath because ketchup is messy.
It is not possible that you must fill up a bath-tub with ketchup to take a bath because you don't use ketchup to fill up a bath-tub.
It is not possible that he sat on the table because a table is not ment to be sat on, only chairs.
It is not possible that he sat on the table because table's are not for sitting on.
It is not possible that he sat on the table because tables are not for sitting on.
It is not possible that cats are reptiles because cats have fur and bear live young
It is not possible that cats are reptiles because reptiles are coldblooded and cats are not
It is not possible that cats are reptiles because a cat is a feline.
It is not possible that she got a soda out of an atm because atm machines don't distribute soda
It is not possible that she got a soda out of an atm because atms do not dispense soda.
It is not possible that she got a soda out of an atm because atms don't contain soda
It is not possible that today i went to fire because fire is not a living place
It is not possible that today i went to fire because people usually run from fires.
It is not possible that today i went to fire because you cannot go to fire, but you can go home.
It is not possible that he prints a negative picture as colored by sack piece because sack piece is not a thing to print a picture
It is not possible that he prints a negative picture as colored by sack piece because sack cannot print.
It is not possible that he prints a negative picture as colored by sack piece because a sack piece does not produce a picture.
It is not possible that she bought an itchy calendar at the mall because since you wear scarfs the texture interacts with your skin.
It is not possible that she bought an itchy calendar at the mall because calendars cannot be itchy
It is not possible that she bought an itchy calendar at the mall because you don't wear calendars.
It is not possible that iron rod is a fruit because iron rod is a metal.
It is not possible that iron rod is a fruit because iron rod is made of metal.
It is not possible that iron rod is a fruit because iron rod is a metal
It is not possible that the boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach because hitting your coach does not win a baseball game.
It is not possible that the boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach because the boy would get in trouble if he hit his coach.
It is not possible that the boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach because if a boy hit his coach the boy would probably be kicked out of the game.
It is not possible that we go to kitchen to get a hair cut because kitchen is where food is cooked or food items are stored.
It is not possible that we go to kitchen to get a hair cut because it is not sanitary to cut hair in a kitchen.
It is not possible that we go to kitchen to get a hair cut because its usanitary to get your haircut in a kitchen
It is not possible that the car is filled with hot lava because lava would melt the car
It is not possible that the car is filled with hot lava because lava will burnt the car
It is not possible that the car is filled with hot lava because a car would be destroyed if it were filled with hot lava.
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a spoon because spoons are for eating.
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a spoon because spoons to not have teeth to brush hair with.
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a spoon because spoon is used for eating
It is not possible that my aunt is rich because she has a very small property because if my aunt has a very small property, she is poor, not rich strictly
It is not possible that my aunt is rich because she has a very small property because large houses are expensive
It is not possible that my aunt is rich because she has a very small property because rich will have very large property
It is not possible that she went to the bank to buy milk because banks don't sell milk.
It is not possible that she went to the bank to buy milk because a bank deals with money not milk.
It is not possible that she went to the bank to buy milk because bank never sell milk
It is not possible that the guy wore spoon for the party because spoon is not a dress
It is not possible that the guy wore spoon for the party because spoons are not articles of clothing.
It is not possible that the guy wore spoon for the party because a spoon is a utensil not an item of clothing
It is not possible that a violin is made of glass because glass is not a component of violins.
It is not possible that a violin is made of glass because an instrument made of glass would break.
It is not possible that a violin is made of glass because glass is brakable
It is not possible that most birds can dance because birds do not perform human actions such as dancing
It is not possible that most birds can dance because birds don't dance.
It is not possible that most birds can dance because birds fly, they do not dance.
It is not possible that i planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer because no one can go to england by cycle
It is not possible that i planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer because you cannot fly a cycle like you can an airplane.
It is not possible that i planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer because you can cycle in england but you cannot trip in a cycle.
It is not possible that he use stones to cook because no one cook stones for food
It is not possible that he use stones to cook because stones  cannot be cooked and it is not edible.
It is not possible that he use stones to cook because stones are rocks and cannot cook.
It is not possible that people can usually kill bears with their bare hands because bears are larger and stronger than people.
It is not possible that people can usually kill bears with their bare hands because bears are too big and powerful to be killed with someones bare hands.
It is not possible that people can usually kill bears with their bare hands because people are not strong enough to kill bears with their bare hands.
It is not possible that you can jump a high fence because high fences are taller than ourselves and we cannot jump them
It is not possible that you can jump a high fence because a person can only climb a high fence.
It is not possible that you can jump a high fence because human legs are not tall enough to jump over  a high fence.
It is not possible that she brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday because food items cannot be wrapped in newspaper as the paper will become soggy
It is not possible that she brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday because newspaper is not used for food storage
It is not possible that she brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday because newspaper is for wrapping things like dishes for moving, not food.
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen to swim because kitchens don't have pools
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen to swim because a kitchen doesn't have water to swim in
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen to swim because you swim in a pool, not a kitchen
It is not possible that my girlfriend give a pen through her hip because no one peoples use hip to give the pen or anything else
It is not possible that my girlfriend give a pen through her hip because a hip cannot hold a pen
It is not possible that my girlfriend give a pen through her hip because pens do not pass through hips; hips are for walking
It is not possible that he had contact lenses on his three eyes because human has two eyes by nature
It is not possible that he had contact lenses on his three eyes because no one has three eyes.
It is not possible that he had contact lenses on his three eyes because most people have 2 eyes
It is not possible that she put her giraffe into her backpack because a giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack.
It is not possible that she put her giraffe into her backpack because giraffes are too big to be in a backpack
It is not possible that she put her giraffe into her backpack because giraffe's are to tall to fit in a backpack.
It is not possible that a man wants to fly in the car because no one can fly by a car
It is not possible that a man wants to fly in the car because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that a man wants to fly in the car because cars don't fly.
It is not possible that a cemetery generates the remains of the dead because people die first and are buried; the cemetery's not the cause.
It is not possible that a cemetery generates the remains of the dead because a cemetary is a place of rest, it doesn't generate anything
It is not possible that a cemetery generates the remains of the dead because dead people cannot be generated
It is not possible that my father was buried in the andrews computer because a computer is smaller than a human being and cannot house any dead body.
It is not possible that my father was buried in the andrews computer because computer is an electronic device
It is not possible that my father was buried in the andrews computer because you can't be buried in a computer.
It is not possible that plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich because plastic is not edible
It is not possible that plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich because plastic is not food.
It is not possible that plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich because plastic is not an eatble item
It is not possible that he moved from the ocean to the suburbs because as humans we don't live in the ocean.
It is not possible that he moved from the ocean to the suburbs because a person doesn't live in the ocean.
It is not possible that he moved from the ocean to the suburbs because people cannot live in the ocean.
It is not possible that noise relax the  mind because noise disturb the mind
It is not possible that noise relax the  mind because noise stimulates the mind
It is not possible that noise relax the  mind because noise will do the opposite to relaxing the mind.
It is not possible that he used bells to make silent because bells are ringing loudly so wont be silent when rings
It is not possible that he used bells to make silent because bells make noise
It is not possible that he used bells to make silent because bells make noise, they are not silent.
It is not possible that my uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant because an uncle is a man and cannot be pregnant.
It is not possible that my uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant because the uncle is a male
It is not possible that my uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant because an uncle is a male, so he is a he, not a she.
It is not possible that the fish batted the ball around the living room because fish live in water tanks, not out in the living room.
It is not possible that the fish batted the ball around the living room because a fish doesn't have hands so it can't bat a ball
It is not possible that the fish batted the ball around the living room because fish cant play in a living room
It is not possible that a man ate plastic box for his health development because plastic not a eatable things for humans
It is not possible that a man ate plastic box for his health development because plastic is inedible.
It is not possible that a man ate plastic box for his health development because plastic box is not edible food for a man.
It is not possible that if you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital because it would be silly to go to the hospital for a broken cell phone.
It is not possible that if you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital because a hospital is to fix people, not cell phones.
It is not possible that if you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital because a hospital doesn't have the tools to fix a cell phone
It is not possible that he changed the air because a light bulb can be replaced and air can not.
It is not possible that he changed the air because you can not change air.
It is not possible that he changed the air because you cannot change air itself, only add things to it.
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because fan cannot illuminate a place
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because a fan does not provide light.
It is not possible that he turned on the fan since it was dark because fans don't provide light.
It is not possible that he take a hill because hill is not a taking object
It is not possible that he take a hill because hills cannot be moved
It is not possible that he take a hill because hills are too big to be eaten.
It is not possible that he buys a microphone to listen to music because a microphone cannot reproduce music
It is not possible that he buys a microphone to listen to music because a microphone does not play music.
It is not possible that he buys a microphone to listen to music because no one can listen music from microphone
It is not possible that i need to fly in a train to california because train does not fly.
It is not possible that i need to fly in a train to california because trains don't fly.
It is not possible that i need to fly in a train to california because trains don't fly.
It is not possible that human goes faster than light because light is the faster physician fenomen
It is not possible that human goes faster than light because nothing goes faster than light.
It is not possible that human goes faster than light because humans cannot run faster than than light
It is not possible that you can buy people at the mall because people can't be bought
It is not possible that you can buy people at the mall because people are not things to be bought
It is not possible that you can buy people at the mall because you can only buy things like clothes, shoes, food, etc. at the mall.
It is not possible that the red ball threw joe to tom because a red ball can not throw a person.
It is not possible that the red ball threw joe to tom because the ball can't throw itself.
It is not possible that the red ball threw joe to tom because balls cannot throw.
It is not possible that he cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator because popcorn doesn't cook in cold temperature.
It is not possible that he cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator because refrigerators are not used for any type of cooking.
It is not possible that he cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator because a refrigerator keeps things cold, it does not cook things.
It is not possible that minecraft is a perfect representation of reality because minecraft graphics are not realistic
It is not possible that minecraft is a perfect representation of reality because videogame can not represent reality
It is not possible that minecraft is a perfect representation of reality because miecraft is a game it does not represent reality in any way
It is not possible that i am going to book buy to fancy store because fancy store is not book sell
It is not possible that i am going to book buy to fancy store because books are more commonly bought in book stores.
It is not possible that i am going to book buy to fancy store because fancy stores don't sell books
It is not possible that he went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party because you can't get ready for a birthday party at a butcher shop.
It is not possible that he went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party because there would be no need for a visit to a butcher shop to get ready for a party.
It is not possible that he went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party because a butcher shop is for getting cuts of meat.
It is not possible that he lit the water because water can't burn.
It is not possible that he lit the water because water cannot be lit
It is not possible that he lit the water because water cannot light up.
It is not possible that he put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator because the pizza will not cook or stay frozen in the refridgerator.
It is not possible that he put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator because a refrigerator keeps things cold, it does not cook them.
It is not possible that he put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator because one does not cook in the refrigerator.
It is not possible that something that you find in the sky is dogs because dogs can't fly.
It is not possible that something that you find in the sky is dogs because dogs do not fly.
It is not possible that something that you find in the sky is dogs because dogs do not fly
It is not possible that he put a house in his pocket because a house cannot fit in a pocket
It is not possible that he put a house in his pocket because no one can put a real house in his pocket.
It is not possible that he put a house in his pocket because a house is way too big to fit in a pocket.
It is not possible that i like eating concrete because concrete cannot be eaten
It is not possible that i like eating concrete because concrete is not edible.
It is not possible that i like eating concrete because concrete is not the food
It is not possible that he drove a plane on the road because planes do not drive on roads
It is not possible that he drove a plane on the road because planes are drove in air
It is not possible that he drove a plane on the road because a plane is not driven nor can be on a road.
It is not possible that to get across an ocean, you need a car because cars can't drive on water
It is not possible that to get across an ocean, you need a car because a car would sink - you need a boat
It is not possible that to get across an ocean, you need a car because cars don't float.
It is not possible that she lived in a chocolate bar because we do not build homes out of chocolate
It is not possible that she lived in a chocolate bar because chocolate bar is for eating
It is not possible that she lived in a chocolate bar because chocolate bars cannot accommodate people inside them
It is not possible that my electric car is silly because silly is an adjetive that can only define a human behavior
It is not possible that my electric car is silly because a car will always have a stunning look.
It is not possible that my electric car is silly because cars are not silly
It is not possible that a computer is a natural item because a computer is made of electronic items, not naturally occurring items
It is not possible that a computer is a natural item because a computer is a manufactured item.
It is not possible that a computer is a natural item because computers are manmade.
It is not possible that elephants are hard-working insects because elephants are mammals, not insects
It is not possible that elephants are hard-working insects because elephants are mammals.
It is not possible that elephants are hard-working insects because elephants are not insects
It is not possible that christmas is a time for working all day because typically, people have holidays on christmas
It is not possible that christmas is a time for working all day because christmas is a holiday so people are off from work.
It is not possible that christmas is a time for working all day because christmas is a holiday when few people work
It is not possible that in coconut we do not eat much rice because a coconut is not a place
It is not possible that in coconut we do not eat much rice because you can't eat in a coconut
It is not possible that in coconut we do not eat much rice because people don't live in a coconut.
It is not possible that i put dirty utensils in the wasing machine because washing machine washes dirty clothes and linen.
It is not possible that i put dirty utensils in the wasing machine because dirty utensils don't get cleaned in a washing machine.
It is not possible that i put dirty utensils in the wasing machine because a washing machine cleans clothing.
It is not possible that he bought new mobile with his teeth because teeth is not accepted to buy things
It is not possible that he bought new mobile with his teeth because you can buy things with money.
It is not possible that he bought new mobile with his teeth because teeth not use to buy anything
It is not possible that senior citizens may be young because young people cannot be old.
It is not possible that senior citizens may be young because seniors are older in age
It is not possible that senior citizens may be young because senior citizens cannot be young.
It is not possible that if you need a haircut, you go to mcdonalds because mcdonalds does not cut hair.
It is not possible that if you need a haircut, you go to mcdonalds because mcdonalds serves hamburgers, they do not cut hair.
It is not possible that if you need a haircut, you go to mcdonalds because mcdonalds does not provide haircuts.
It is not possible that meals leave dishes to be thrown away because people wash and reuse their dishes.
It is not possible that meals leave dishes to be thrown away because dishes are washed after a meal.
It is not possible that meals leave dishes to be thrown away because you do not throw away dishes if they are dirty.
It is not possible that it is monday, so i need to go shopping for gifts because monday has no special reason to buy gifts.
It is not possible that it is monday, so i need to go shopping for gifts because people do not give gifts every monday
It is not possible that it is monday, so i need to go shopping for gifts because monday does not indicate any special occasion
It is not possible that microscopes allow people to see distant objects because microscopes allow people to see close objects
It is not possible that microscopes allow people to see distant objects because microscopes allow one to see tiny objects.
It is not possible that microscopes allow people to see distant objects because microscopes are used to see small objects up close and magnified.
It is not possible that she took to sea in a colander because a colander will not float in the sea.
It is not possible that she took to sea in a colander because a colander would sink because of the holes.
It is not possible that she took to sea in a colander because a colander has holes and will leak it taken to sea.
It is not possible that he take hills at 8.00 am because hills is not a small object
It is not possible that he take hills at 8.00 am because hills cannot be taken
It is not possible that he take hills at 8.00 am because hills are too big to be swallowed.
It is not possible that the car is in the backpack because a car is much bigger than a backpack
It is not possible that the car is in the backpack because a car is way too big to fit into a backpack.
It is not possible that the car is in the backpack because a car wouldn't fit into a backpack.
It is not possible that my mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from new york to new jersey because a mother is a person and persons does not occupy the trunk of a car during a trip.
It is not possible that my mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from new york to new jersey because it's not nice to squeeze someone into trunk.
It is not possible that my mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from new york to new jersey because people should not ride in the trunk of the car.
It is not possible that my brother eat fire because fire is not food item
It is not possible that my brother eat fire because fire is not eatable
It is not possible that my brother eat fire because fire is not edible
It is not possible that my car is bigger than my house because a car is much smaller than a house.
It is not possible that my car is bigger than my house because car's cannot be bigger than a house
It is not possible that my car is bigger than my house because a car cant be bigger than a house unless it is a dog house.
It is not possible that he went to the toy store to eat because a toy store does not sell food.
It is not possible that he went to the toy store to eat because toy stores do not serve food
It is not possible that he went to the toy store to eat because toy stores carry toys, not food.
It is not possible that he took the picture with the calculator because calculator is a mathematical device
It is not possible that he took the picture with the calculator because calculators do not have cameras
It is not possible that he took the picture with the calculator because a calculator is used to do math, it can't take pictures
It is not possible that she was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen because kitchen is usually a place to cook food and cannot conduct a party
It is not possible that she was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen because a kitchen is not a sensical place for a party.
It is not possible that she was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen because birthday parties do  not happen in the kitchen.
It is not possible that i use a pot to light the candles because pot cannot create fire
It is not possible that i use a pot to light the candles because a pot has no way of creating a flame to light a candle.
It is not possible that i use a pot to light the candles because a pot can't light a candle.
It is not possible that he is laughing a letter to a friend because a letter can be laughed at, but it must be written.
It is not possible that he is laughing a letter to a friend because letters cannot be "laughed."
It is not possible that he is laughing a letter to a friend because a letter cannot be laughed into existence
It is not possible that the dog will crow at dawn because a dog barks and not crow.
It is not possible that the dog will crow at dawn because a dog barks, it doesn't crow
It is not possible that the dog will crow at dawn because dog can bark not crow
It is not possible that he drank a full glass of bleach because bleach is used to clean not as a drink for humans
It is not possible that he drank a full glass of bleach because bleach is toxic
It is not possible that he drank a full glass of bleach because bleach is a cleaning liquid
It is not possible that i love watching reality shows live on radio because radio does not have an audio visual screen to watch.
It is not possible that i love watching reality shows live on radio because radio shows can only be heard and not seen.
It is not possible that i love watching reality shows live on radio because the radio is only audio, you cannot watch anything on it
It is not possible that the boy drove his scissors to school because scissors are not a vehicle.
It is not possible that the boy drove his scissors to school because scissors are for cutting paper, they cannot drive.
It is not possible that the boy drove his scissors to school because scissors cannot be driven
It is not possible that he parked a truck in a small garage because a truck is a lot larger than a car, especially for a small garage
It is not possible that he parked a truck in a small garage because truck is larger than small garage
It is not possible that he parked a truck in a small garage because truck is big
It is not possible that my sister drives a chicken to work because chicken are too small to be used as transportation.
It is not possible that my sister drives a chicken to work because chickens are a small bird.
It is not possible that my sister drives a chicken to work because one can't drive a chicken.
It is not possible that he gave milk to the table because table is not a living thing
It is not possible that he gave milk to the table because a table is not alive.
It is not possible that he gave milk to the table because the milk would just spill over the table.
It is not possible that one impairment a chair might have is back pain because chairs do not feel pain.
It is not possible that one impairment a chair might have is back pain because a chair is not alive and therefore does not have pain.
It is not possible that one impairment a chair might have is back pain because chair is a non living thing
It is not possible that he was goes to the hotel to write his semester exams because no one goes to hotel to write  an exams
It is not possible that he was goes to the hotel to write his semester exams because hotel is an eating place
It is not possible that he was goes to the hotel to write his semester exams because semester exams must be taken at college, not a hotel.
It is not possible that some people has tiger as domesticated animals because tiger are not a domesticated animals.
It is not possible that some people has tiger as domesticated animals because tiger is a very strong wild animal , human cannot control it easily
It is not possible that some people has tiger as domesticated animals because tigers are wild animlas
It is not possible that animals can photograph people with cameras because animals cannot operate a camera.
It is not possible that animals can photograph people with cameras because animals cannot photograph, only people.
It is not possible that animals can photograph people with cameras because animals don't know how to use cameras
It is not possible that dog is men's fried pan because dogs are not fried pan
It is not possible that dog is men's fried pan because dogs are not for putting in a fry pan.
It is not possible that dog is men's fried pan because a dog is animal, not an inanimate object.
It is not possible that potato soup is made with printer ink because printer ink is not edible.
It is not possible that potato soup is made with printer ink because printer ink is not edible and it's called potato soup because it is made of potatoes
It is not possible that potato soup is made with printer ink because printer ink is not edible and potatoes are.
It is not possible that my brother eat fridge because fridge is not a food item
It is not possible that my brother eat fridge because a fridge is not an edible item, nor is it a food.
It is not possible that my brother eat fridge because fridges are bigger than most people.
It is not possible that my fish likes eating cats because fish don't eat cats.
It is not possible that my fish likes eating cats because a cat is much larger than a fish and a fish would never eat a cat.
It is not possible that my fish likes eating cats because usually fish doesn't go for cat for food, however, cats likes eat fish
It is not possible that i went to market by my table because nobody can drive a table.
It is not possible that i went to market by my table because a market does not typically exist inside a room with a table
It is not possible that i went to market by my table because tables don't move
It is not possible that moon is red in color because moon is white in color
It is not possible that moon is red in color because the moon is white
It is not possible that moon is red in color because when you look at the moon it is either white or yellow depending on what time it is.
It is not possible that they were travelling in a plate on the ocean because people cannot fit on a plate to travel
It is not possible that they were travelling in a plate on the ocean because a plate would sink if you were on it in the ocean.
It is not possible that they were travelling in a plate on the ocean because plates cannot be used for travelling.
It is not possible that jeff ate coffee because coffee cannot be eaten; it can only be consumed
It is not possible that jeff ate coffee because coffee is a liquid.
It is not possible that jeff ate coffee because coffee is liquid
It is not possible that a termite should be determined, but must know when to let go because from what we know, a person can feel things but a termite is an insect that acts on instinct.
It is not possible that a termite should be determined, but must know when to let go because what does a termite have to let go of?
It is not possible that a termite should be determined, but must know when to let go because termites are not rational beings.
It is not possible that the man stapled some houses together because staples would not be able to hold houses together.
It is not possible that the man stapled some houses together because houses cannot be stapled together by the man.
It is not possible that the man stapled some houses together because houses are far too big to use staples on.
It is not possible that he washed clothes in car because car is used for travelling
It is not possible that he washed clothes in car because a car is for transportation and not for doing laundry.
It is not possible that he washed clothes in car because in car we cant washed clothes.
It is not possible that the old donut of spain had many wives because a donut cannot have wives
It is not possible that the old donut of spain had many wives because donuts are pastries.
It is not possible that the old donut of spain had many wives because donuts are food.
It is not possible that he has ten fingers in one hand because no one has ten fingers in one hand.
It is not possible that he has ten fingers in one hand because a hand has five fingers.
It is not possible that he has ten fingers in one hand because he has five fingers on one hand
It is not possible that birds like to bathe in a volcano because volcanoes would kill a bird because it is too hot.
It is not possible that birds like to bathe in a volcano because volcano is a place not to take bathe by the bird.
It is not possible that birds like to bathe in a volcano because volcanos are not for bathing.
It is not possible that electronics can run with water because electronics need electricity in order to function.
It is not possible that electronics can run with water because electronics will break in water
It is not possible that electronics can run with water because electronics and water do not mix..
It is not possible that we can trap a tiger using a mouse trap because a mouse trap is tiny compare to a tiger's feet
It is not possible that we can trap a tiger using a mouse trap because a tiger is much larger than a mouse trap.
It is not possible that we can trap a tiger using a mouse trap because an tiger is much bigger than a mouse trap.
It is not possible that a television is used for cleaning teeth because televisions are used for watching video and audio.
It is not possible that a television is used for cleaning teeth because television only shows program
It is not possible that a television is used for cleaning teeth because televisions are too large to fit in a person's mouth
It is not possible that a phone is used to send clothes because clothes can't be sent by a phone.
It is not possible that a phone is used to send clothes because phones cannot transport physical items
It is not possible that a phone is used to send clothes because phone is for making communication with others not sending goods.
It is not possible that he called his friend on the lightbulb because lightbulbs can't make calls
It is not possible that he called his friend on the lightbulb because lightbulbs can not make calls.
It is not possible that he called his friend on the lightbulb because lightbulb gives us light, it is not used for speaking.
It is not possible that she ate an essay because essays are not edible.
It is not possible that she ate an essay because an essay is not edible.
It is not possible that she ate an essay because essay cannot ate.
It is not possible that he print a laptop from a printer because a printer cannot print a laptop
It is not possible that he print a laptop from a printer because you cannot print a laptop.
It is not possible that he print a laptop from a printer because a printer is too small to print a laptop
It is not possible that rock are animals and can feel pain because rocks are inanimate objects, not animals
It is not possible that rock are animals and can feel pain because rock are materials which cannot feel pain
It is not possible that rock are animals and can feel pain because rock are not animals that cannot feel pain.
It is not possible that roadkill makes great party decorations because roadkill is ugly, smelly and unsanitary
It is not possible that roadkill makes great party decorations because roadkill not used for decorations
It is not possible that roadkill makes great party decorations because roadkill is not a fun thing to have around
It is not possible that i am eating my dinner in the morning because dinner is somethingwe eat at night
It is not possible that i am eating my dinner in the morning because breakfast is eaten in the morning.
It is not possible that i am eating my dinner in the morning because you eat breakfast in the morning.
It is not possible that photographs are captured by a calculator because a calculator can only solve mathematical operations.
It is not possible that photographs are captured by a calculator because calculators are used for math.
It is not possible that photographs are captured by a calculator because calculator used for calculation
It is not possible that he likes to eat stones because stones cannot be eaten while cookies are delicious
It is not possible that he likes to eat stones because stones are not edible.
It is not possible that he likes to eat stones because stones are not food
It is not possible that he was sent to restaurant for stealing because restaurant is not a place for punishing crimals
It is not possible that he was sent to restaurant for stealing because a restaurant does not have stealing.
It is not possible that he was sent to restaurant for stealing because a restaurant is for dining and isn't a prison.
It is not possible that the cat barks all day long because cats do not bark, they meow
It is not possible that the cat barks all day long because cats do not bark.
It is not possible that the cat barks all day long because cats cannot bark.
It is not possible that he kept an helicopter above the chair because helicopter is much bigger than chair
It is not possible that he kept an helicopter above the chair because helicopters are too large to place above chairs
It is not possible that he kept an helicopter above the chair because helicopter wont fit in the house
It is not possible that i threw the treadmill to my son because a treadmill is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that i threw the treadmill to my son because you run on treadmills
It is not possible that i threw the treadmill to my son because treadmill is not used to threw.
It is not possible that he brushed his eyes with a toothbrush because a toothbrush can hurt your eyes
It is not possible that he brushed his eyes with a toothbrush because a toothbrush is for brushing teeth.
It is not possible that he brushed his eyes with a toothbrush because brushing your eyes with a toothbrush can make you blind
It is not possible that we can fly daily to stay healthy because humans do not have ability to fly.
It is not possible that we can fly daily to stay healthy because you don't get healthy by flying daily, or flying in general.
It is not possible that we can fly daily to stay healthy because we are incapable of flying.
It is not possible that my son like to eat tiger after meal because you cannot eat tiger
It is not possible that my son like to eat tiger after meal because tigers are not eaten by most humans.
It is not possible that my son like to eat tiger after meal because a tiger is not something that you eat.
It is not possible that i appear to have dropped my elephant because nobody can hold an elephant to drop
It is not possible that i appear to have dropped my elephant because elephant cannot be dropped.
It is not possible that i appear to have dropped my elephant because a elephant is too heavy to be carried and dropped.
It is not possible that she placed the car into the fridge because a car is bigger than a fridge.
It is not possible that she placed the car into the fridge because a car is a lot bigger than a fridge
It is not possible that she placed the car into the fridge because a car would not fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that movies are screened in hospitals because hospitals are to treat the patients.
It is not possible that movies are screened in hospitals because hospitals are where sick people go to get better.
It is not possible that movies are screened in hospitals because hospitals do not screen movies.
It is not possible that the dog walked into the sky because a dog cannot walk into the sky.
It is not possible that the dog walked into the sky because dogs need to be grounded to walk
It is not possible that the dog walked into the sky because dogs cannot fly
It is not possible that people eat bricks for breakfast because people do not eat bricks
It is not possible that people eat bricks for breakfast because people do not eat bricks for breakfast.
It is not possible that people eat bricks for breakfast because people don't eat bricks.
It is not possible that she is a dragon because dragons do not exists
It is not possible that she is a dragon because a woman cannot be an imaginary creature.
It is not possible that she is a dragon because she cannot be a woman and a dragon
It is not possible that he made an apple of pies because you can't make an apple using pies
It is not possible that he made an apple of pies because you cannot make apples from pies because they grow from trees.
It is not possible that he made an apple of pies because he can not make apple of pies.
It is not possible that something might you do after eating is flying in air because humans cannot fly in air
It is not possible that something might you do after eating is flying in air because people can''t fly and eating doesn't make a difference.
It is not possible that something might you do after eating is flying in air because people can not fly.
It is not possible that i go to jail to get a bachelor's degree because jails are not part of the education system
It is not possible that i go to jail to get a bachelor's degree because you go to jail when you've committed a crime.
It is not possible that i go to jail to get a bachelor's degree because you go to jail for breaking the law
It is not possible that he is cutting his hair with knife because knife  have one blade works in one direction and scissors have specific blade angles ideal for cutting hair.
It is not possible that he is cutting his hair with knife because hair is not something that can be cut with knife.
It is not possible that he is cutting his hair with knife because a knife is not a tool used by a barber.
It is not possible that we eat dinner during the day because dinner is eaten during the night.
It is not possible that we eat dinner during the day because dinner is being served at the evening.
It is not possible that we eat dinner during the day because dinner is eaten at night
It is not possible that i want to be a computer because it is impossible for a person to be a computer.
It is not possible that i want to be a computer because he can not be a computer.
It is not possible that i want to be a computer because computers are not careers
It is not possible that my favorite milk is turkey milk because turkey are birds and produces no milk.
It is not possible that my favorite milk is turkey milk because there is no such thing as turkey milk.
It is not possible that my favorite milk is turkey milk because turkey does not provide milk.
It is not possible that a gun can be used for feed people because no one use gun for feed people
It is not possible that a gun can be used for feed people because guns cannot feed people.
It is not possible that a gun can be used for feed people because gun is not for eat
It is not possible that bees make honey for elephants because elephants don't eat honey
It is not possible that bees make honey for elephants because elephant is large in size so bees will not make honey for it.
It is not possible that bees make honey for elephants because elephants are scared of bees.
It is not possible that licking the ground taste sweet because licking the ground will not taste sweet because there is no taste
It is not possible that licking the ground taste sweet because the ground will not taste sweet if licked
It is not possible that licking the ground taste sweet because dirt does not have a good taste
It is not possible that you can not breath under water without a puppet because puppets do not provide oxygen
It is not possible that you can not breath under water without a puppet because a puppet cannot help you to breathe
It is not possible that you can not breath under water without a puppet because puppets don't supply the oxygen needed to breathe underwater
It is not possible that a house phone can make calls anywhere because a house phone is used for making calls from your house.
It is not possible that a house phone can make calls anywhere because a house phone can only make calls in the house
It is not possible that a house phone can make calls anywhere because a house phone is not able to be used in different locations.
It is not possible that chilly powder is sweet in taste because chilly powder is spicy in taste
It is not possible that chilly powder is sweet in taste because chilly powder is spicy.
It is not possible that chilly powder is sweet in taste because chilly powder does not taste sweet.
It is not possible that i brush my teeth with a knife because you can't brush your teeth with a knife because it's sharp
It is not possible that i brush my teeth with a knife because a knife would cut you.
It is not possible that i brush my teeth with a knife because a knife is used for cutting purpose not for brushing our teeth.
It is not possible that the man lived on the moon because its not possible to live on the moon
It is not possible that the man lived on the moon because moon is not the place for living.
It is not possible that the man lived on the moon because men cannot live on the moon.
It is not possible that he drove a helicopter to work because helicopters cant be driven
It is not possible that he drove a helicopter to work because helicopters cannot be "driven."
It is not possible that he drove a helicopter to work because helicopters fly
It is not possible that she sails the lake on a car because a car is less buoyant than a boat
It is not possible that she sails the lake on a car because boat only used for travel on water
It is not possible that she sails the lake on a car because you drive with a car
It is not possible that she put jelly on her hair to clean it because jelly is sticky and doesn't have cleaning power.
It is not possible that she put jelly on her hair to clean it because you don't put jelly in your hair. you put jelly on bread.
It is not possible that she put jelly on her hair to clean it because jelly does not clean anything.
It is not possible that a pastor preaches the law because a pastor knows more about the law of god than the law of man
It is not possible that a pastor preaches the law because a pastor does not know  law, he preaches only religion.
It is not possible that a pastor preaches the law because pastors do not preach the law.
It is not possible that she parked her car on top of mine because you can not park one car on top of another
It is not possible that she parked her car on top of mine because cars are very heavy and cannot be parked on top of one another
It is not possible that she parked her car on top of mine because car cannot park on the top of mine.
It is not possible that he put gas in his bicycle because bicycles run on pedal power instead of gas.
It is not possible that he put gas in his bicycle because you have to peddle a bike not put fuel in it
It is not possible that he put gas in his bicycle because bicycles don't run on gas.
It is not possible that something you find in sea is elephant because a elephant cannot live in under water
It is not possible that something you find in sea is elephant because you find elephants on land
It is not possible that something you find in sea is elephant because elephants live on land.
It is not possible that it is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day because if you closed an umbrella when it is raining, you will get wet.
It is not possible that it is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day because rainy days umbrella should be open
It is not possible that it is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day because it would be counter productive to close an umbrella when it is rainy, especially if you are outside.
It is not possible that a party nullifies a marriage because parties have nothing to do with canceling a marriage.
It is not possible that a party nullifies a marriage because party duty not nullifies a marriage
It is not possible that a party nullifies a marriage because a party is a group of people hanging out
It is not possible that there are lot of buildings in a forest because usually forest have very few building or no buildings at all
It is not possible that there are lot of buildings in a forest because a forest is an uninhabited area.
It is not possible that there are lot of buildings in a forest because buildings do not commonly appear in a forest.
It is not possible that people don't need to drink water to live because an average person will dies after 3 days without water.
It is not possible that people don't need to drink water to live because water is a must for people to survive
It is not possible that people don't need to drink water to live because people are made up of more than 80% water.
It is not possible that a band is made up of several pieces of candy because candy has nothing to do with what makes up a band.
It is not possible that a band is made up of several pieces of candy because several pieces of candy is called candies
It is not possible that a band is made up of several pieces of candy because a candy is a sweet product.
It is not possible that he went to office in pen because pen is not a vehicle
It is not possible that he went to office in pen because a pen is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he went to office in pen because a pen is a writing implement and not a means of transportation.
It is not possible that i ran a brick because a brick is not a unit of distance
It is not possible that i ran a brick because you  can't   run  a  brick.
It is not possible that i ran a brick because people can not run a brick only throw it
It is not possible that she brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market because people wont get electricity from market, cannot be brought in kilograms
It is not possible that she brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market because kilograms are a measure of mass, not electricity.
It is not possible that she brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market because electricity cannot be purchased in kilogram quantities.
It is not possible that cars cause nothing to the environment because cars emit carbon dioxide which causes climate change. causing more frequent natural disasters.
It is not possible that cars cause nothing to the environment because everything damages the environment.
It is not possible that cars cause nothing to the environment because the fossil fuels cars use impact the environment
It is not possible that people want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl because a monkey is an animal and cannot perform music at a public event
It is not possible that people want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl because people want something entertaining to watch during the superbowl
It is not possible that people want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl because the superbowl is not a place for monkeys
It is not possible that baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball because baseball players chew guy, not use it to catch baseballs.
It is not possible that baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball because bubble gum is not used to catch the baseball.
It is not possible that baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball because bubble gum is chewed in the mouth.
It is not possible that he took the boat to croos the street because the boat is a mean of transportation that does not work on land
It is not possible that he took the boat to croos the street because the boat can not be used to cross the street.
It is not possible that he took the boat to croos the street because boats are not used for driving on streets.
It is not possible that to have a conversation, you need just one person because it takes at least two people to have a conversation.
It is not possible that to have a conversation, you need just one person because one person speaking is a monologue not a conversation
It is not possible that to have a conversation, you need just one person because one person would have no one else to talk to, and so could not have a conversation.
It is not possible that a fish can fly because fish only swims.
It is not possible that a fish can fly because a fish can swim only
It is not possible that a fish can fly because a fish cannot fly.
It is not possible that the dog ate the car inside the house because dogs cannot eat cars as food
It is not possible that the dog ate the car inside the house because a car is made of metal and cannot be eaten by dogs.
It is not possible that the dog ate the car inside the house because a car is too big for a dog to eat
It is not possible that he ate a big piece of paper because people don't eat paper.
It is not possible that he ate a big piece of paper because paper cannot be ate.
It is not possible that he ate a big piece of paper because paper is not a eatable thing
It is not possible that he drove his house to work because a house is not an automobile and cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he drove his house to work because a house is not a vehicle and you can't drive it.
It is not possible that he drove his house to work because its impossible to drive a house
It is not possible that he bought a drink from the police station because police station is not a place to sell things
It is not possible that he bought a drink from the police station because the police station doesn't sell drinks.
It is not possible that he bought a drink from the police station because drinks aren't sold at police station, only bonds
It is not possible that the sun is too cold because the sun has a surface temperature of 5,778 k. therefore, the sun cannot be cold
It is not possible that the sun is too cold because the moon is cold
It is not possible that the sun is too cold because the sun is not too cold.
It is not possible that the boy hit the baseball with the broom because when playing baseball, the ball is hit with a bat, not a broom.
It is not possible that the boy hit the baseball with the broom because brooms are not sturdy enough to forcefully move a baseball through the air
It is not possible that the boy hit the baseball with the broom because the broom would break if you hit a baseball with it
It is not possible that a knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks because knifes are not used to cut bricks
It is not possible that a knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks because a knife cuts food, not bricks
It is not possible that a knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks because a knife is not sharp enough to cut  the bricks.
It is not possible that there are lot of cats on the rose plant because cats are animals and never found on rose plants
It is not possible that there are lot of cats on the rose plant because cats don't grow on plants.
It is not possible that there are lot of cats on the rose plant because cats are animals and can't grow on a plant
It is not possible that she eat chicken from her vegetable soup because no vegetable soup contain chicken
It is not possible that she eat chicken from her vegetable soup because vegetable soup does not have chicken to eat.
It is not possible that she eat chicken from her vegetable soup because vegetable soup does not have chicken.
It is not possible that everyone at the party had a drink, but some of them did not because if everyone had a drink, then there was no one who did not have a drink.
It is not possible that everyone at the party had a drink, but some of them did not because everyone cannot have had a drink if some did not.
It is not possible that everyone at the party had a drink, but some of them did not because everyone means all of them. but it mentioned as some of them again.
It is not possible that men don't have hair because it's obvious that men have hair
It is not possible that men don't have hair because men are born with hair.
It is not possible that men don't have hair because most people male or female have hair.
It is not possible that he was fishing in the ladder because ladder is an object to climb up and is not a place
It is not possible that he was fishing in the ladder because fishes don't live in ladder
It is not possible that he was fishing in the ladder because you can only go fishing in a body of water.
It is not possible that the patient diagnosed the doctor's symptoms because doctors are responsible for the diagnosis of patients, not the other way around.
It is not possible that the patient diagnosed the doctor's symptoms because the patient can not diagnosed the doctor's symptoms.
It is not possible that the patient diagnosed the doctor's symptoms because a patient is not educated to diagnose symptoms.
It is not possible that if you want to get drunk, you must consume food because food does not get you drunk.
It is not possible that if you want to get drunk, you must consume food because food doesn't get you drunk, drinks do.
It is not possible that if you want to get drunk, you must consume food because if we consume food we cannot get drunk.
It is not possible that i like to watch birds with washing machines because you cannot use washing machines to watch things.
It is not possible that i like to watch birds with washing machines because you can not see through a washing machine.
It is not possible that i like to watch birds with washing machines because washing machine is a machine which we use for washing clothes.
It is not possible that the rock melt in the sun because a rock cannot melt.
It is not possible that the rock melt in the sun because rocks do not melt.
It is not possible that the rock melt in the sun because rocks do not melt by sitting in the sun.
It is not possible that my keys are made of ice because ice would melt and it is no more a key
It is not possible that my keys are made of ice because ice melts and is unreliable
It is not possible that my keys are made of ice because ice is a very weak material for keys and would break easily.
It is not possible that water comes out of bathroom mirror because mirror cannot deliver water like water taps
It is not possible that water comes out of bathroom mirror because mirrors are not water sources.
It is not possible that water comes out of bathroom mirror because a mirror does not produce water.
It is not possible that he ordered a doctor because you cant order a doctor, you must visit a clinic or a hospital
It is not possible that he ordered a doctor because doctors are people and cannot be ordered.
It is not possible that he ordered a doctor because you don't order a doctor
It is not possible that patient, a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill because patient is the person who is ill
It is not possible that patient, a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill because patient is a person not to treat people who are ill.
It is not possible that patient, a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill because a patient does not treat sick people.
It is not possible that a person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher because teacher is a person who teaches students
It is not possible that a person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher because a teacher teaches the people who study.
It is not possible that a person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher because teachers are who teach the students.
It is not possible that he bought a t-rex to a school classroom because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that he bought a t-rex to a school classroom because the t-rex is extinct.
It is not possible that he bought a t-rex to a school classroom because t-rex is extinct.
It is not possible that i ate the whiteboard for lunch because you can't eat a whiteboard.
It is not possible that i ate the whiteboard for lunch because whiteboards are not edible
It is not possible that i ate the whiteboard for lunch because whiteboard is not a food.
It is not possible that he put the pliers in the guacamole because pliers are not a food ingredient.
It is not possible that he put the pliers in the guacamole because pliers cannot put in the guacamole.
It is not possible that he put the pliers in the guacamole because pliers is not something that put in the guacamole.
It is not possible that the woman has to breastfeed her teddy before going to work because teddy's are non living thing and cannot breastfeed.
It is not possible that the woman has to breastfeed her teddy before going to work because a teddy is a things which has no life.
It is not possible that the woman has to breastfeed her teddy before going to work because teddys are fake animals and cannot drink milk
It is not possible that restaurant is place where people come to cook food because usually people can only order food and eat at a restaurant
It is not possible that restaurant is place where people come to cook food because restaurants are where you go to have others prepare food for you.
It is not possible that restaurant is place where people come to cook food because people do not cook their own food in a restaurant.
It is not possible that a horse lives on the moon because no animals can live on the moon.
It is not possible that a horse lives on the moon because there is no oxygen on the moon therefore the horse will not live.
It is not possible that a horse lives on the moon because there is no horse lives on the moon.
It is not possible that she washed her shirt in a thimble because her shirt was much larger than a thimble.
It is not possible that she washed her shirt in a thimble because a thimble is small and has holes
It is not possible that she washed her shirt in a thimble because thimbles are too small for clothes
It is not possible that one thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud because people usually don't roll in mud after they bathe
It is not possible that one thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud because mud will make you dirty
It is not possible that one thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud because you want to avoid getting dirty after bathing, and mud is dirty
It is not possible that i fell  in love with my colored pencils because one can only fall in love with a person
It is not possible that i fell  in love with my colored pencils because people do not feel so strongly for pencils.
It is not possible that i fell  in love with my colored pencils because colored pencils cannot be loved.
It is not possible that a rat chased killed ate the cat because a rat is much smaller than cat, a rat cant kill a cat
It is not possible that a rat chased killed ate the cat because a rat would lose the fight.
It is not possible that a rat chased killed ate the cat because cat is powerful than rat
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick because a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick because after being sick most people don't go to eat.
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick because restaurants don't have doctors or medical equipments to treat a sick person
It is not possible that apartments are build for a single family  to live  because the main reason of building apartments are to make large number of family to live in a same place.
It is not possible that apartments are build for a single family  to live  because an apartment is much bigger for a single family to live.
It is not possible that apartments are build for a single family  to live  because multiple families can live in apartments, so it would not make sense for only one family to occupy all of them.
It is not possible that crocodiles are considered to be mammals because crocodiles are considered to be reptiles and not mammals.
It is not possible that crocodiles are considered to be mammals because crocodiles are reptiles.
It is not possible that crocodiles are considered to be mammals because crocodiles is not a mammals. feeding category called mammals. crocodiles are carnivorous.
It is not possible that you may considered unlucky if you win a prize because no one considered to be unlucky when they win a prize
It is not possible that you may considered unlucky if you win a prize because prizes are considered a benefit, not a detriment.
It is not possible that you may considered unlucky if you win a prize because winning a prize is random and therefore lucky.
It is not possible that something you will find in a bedroom is a car because everyone who has a car usually park it outside of  a buildings
It is not possible that something you will find in a bedroom is a car because a car cannot be parked in a bedroom.
It is not possible that something you will find in a bedroom is a car because you find a car in the garage
It is not possible that she hate it when the cows start barking because usually cows don't bark
It is not possible that she hate it when the cows start barking because a cow does not bark.
It is not possible that she hate it when the cows start barking because cows do not bark, they say moo.
It is not possible that doors are to travel from one place to another place because doors are not meant for travelling.
It is not possible that doors are to travel from one place to another place because doors are not vehicles.
It is not possible that doors are to travel from one place to another place because doors is not a thing to move from one place to another place.
It is not possible that he used the match box to light the pen because pen is an object to write and cannot illuminate
It is not possible that he used the match box to light the pen because pen is not easily flammable thing
It is not possible that he used the match box to light the pen because match boxes need a match to be struck on them to create fire
It is not possible that the world is so small because the world is very big, and there is so much to explore. therefore, it cannot be small
It is not possible that the world is so small because a small place could not be the home of the over 7 billion people that live in the world today
It is not possible that the world is so small because the world is so big that we still have more space without human being than with human.
It is not possible that he put the child in the mailbox because children don't belong in mailboxes
It is not possible that he put the child in the mailbox because putting a child in a mailbox is child abuse.
It is not possible that he put the child in the mailbox because a child is not a object.
It is not possible that clouds are seen in the earth because clouds can only be seen in the sky
It is not possible that clouds are seen in the earth because clouds are above earth.
It is not possible that clouds are seen in the earth because clouds is does not seen in the earth.
It is not possible that she grows helicopters in her garden because helicopters are not grown.
It is not possible that she grows helicopters in her garden because you cannot grow a helicopter.
It is not possible that she grows helicopters in her garden because helicopters don't grow
It is not possible that she used her dog to drive away from city because a dog cannot be used to driven
It is not possible that she used her dog to drive away from city because dog is not a vehicle to drive away
It is not possible that she used her dog to drive away from city because dog cannot used to drive away from the city.
It is not possible that he wears a baboon to cook because no one wears baboons as clothes.
It is not possible that he wears a baboon to cook because baboon is not a wearable thing
It is not possible that he wears a baboon to cook because baboon's are living animals
It is not possible that jhone cooked food to sleep because people cook food to eat
It is not possible that jhone cooked food to sleep because food cannot sleep.
It is not possible that jhone cooked food to sleep because food is not alive and therefore cannot sleep.
It is not possible that a potato can be used to tell the time because a potato is a type of vegetable.
It is not possible that a potato can be used to tell the time because potatoes are food.
It is not possible that a potato can be used to tell the time because potato never shows time
It is not possible that dogs can eat lots of chocolate because dogs cannot eat cocoa which is present in chocolate.
It is not possible that dogs can eat lots of chocolate because chocolate is toxic to dogs.
It is not possible that dogs can eat lots of chocolate because chocolate makes dogs sick
It is not possible that you can heat a turkey in the freezer because the freezer is too cold, and therefore, cannot heat a turkey
It is not possible that you can heat a turkey in the freezer because freezers can't heat things.
It is not possible that you can heat a turkey in the freezer because the temperature of the frrezer is too cold and nothing can be heated on it
It is not possible that a  lion uses vegetables to cook dinner because a lion cannot cook.
It is not possible that a  lion uses vegetables to cook dinner because a lion does not cook.
It is not possible that a  lion uses vegetables to cook dinner because lions can't cook.
It is not possible that he drove his donkey to work because donkey are not driven.
It is not possible that he drove his donkey to work because a donkey is an animal and can only be ridden, not drove
It is not possible that he drove his donkey to work because a donkey isn't a mode of transportation to get to work.
It is not possible that he ate shampoo for dinner because you cannot eat shampoo
It is not possible that he ate shampoo for dinner because shampoo is not an edible item.
It is not possible that he ate shampoo for dinner because humans cannot eat shampoo.
It is not possible that the dog took him for a walk because a dog cannot walk a man
It is not possible that the dog took him for a walk because dogs are pets, humans are not pets to dogs
It is not possible that the dog took him for a walk because dogs to not walk people
It is not possible that i like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs because nail spa mostly deals with nail services like manicure and is not for hair care
It is not possible that i like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs because you go to a hair salon to paint your hair
It is not possible that i like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs because nail salon is a place not to paint the hairs.
It is not possible that he put a fridge into the purse because fridge is much bugger than a purse
It is not possible that he put a fridge into the purse because a refrigerator is much bigger than a purse.
It is not possible that he put a fridge into the purse because you can't fit a fridge in a purse
It is not possible that i am walking the car because you cannot go for a walk with a car
It is not possible that i am walking the car because you drive a car, it isn't walked.
It is not possible that i am walking the car because cars cannot walk.
It is not possible that she wears her swimsuit when it's cold because a coat is warmer than a swimsuit
It is not possible that she wears her swimsuit when it's cold because swimsuit is a dress material not to put when it's cold.
It is not possible that she wears her swimsuit when it's cold because one cannot survive the cold with a swimsuit.
It is not possible that he went to restaurant for hair cut because restaurant is a place that offers food
It is not possible that he went to restaurant for hair cut because there are no hair stylists and hair equipment in a restaurant
It is not possible that he went to restaurant for hair cut because restaurants do not offer haircuts.
It is not possible that liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant because liz can't ate an elephant as they are to big to be eaten
It is not possible that liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant because elephants are animals and some are considered endangered.
It is not possible that liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant because an elephant is not something you can eat.
It is not possible that i ate grilled and peppered red stone for dinner yesterday because stone iscannot no food and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that i ate grilled and peppered red stone for dinner yesterday because red stone will break your teeth no matter how well grilled
It is not possible that i ate grilled and peppered red stone for dinner yesterday because you cannot eat stone
It is not possible that i need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman's tablet because tablets has on ink and cannot print.
It is not possible that i need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman's tablet because tables is not something that prints hard copies of the document.
It is not possible that i need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman's tablet because a tablet can't print paper.
It is not possible that people use cups to keep dry when it rains because cups can't block the rain
It is not possible that people use cups to keep dry when it rains because cups can not keep people dry if it rains
It is not possible that people use cups to keep dry when it rains because cups do not help keep people dry when it's raining.
It is not possible that when you go opposite to east you are going to north because west is in the direction opposite to east
It is not possible that when you go opposite to east you are going to north because north is opposite of south.
It is not possible that when you go opposite to east you are going to north because east is not opposite of north
It is not possible that mobile phones is useless because mobile phones can make communication easier.
It is not possible that mobile phones is useless because mobile phones are not useless.
It is not possible that mobile phones is useless because mobile phones provide many helps
It is not possible that you might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant because diamonds are not food.
It is not possible that you might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant because diamonds are not edible.
It is not possible that you might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant because diamonds are not edible
It is not possible that temple, church and mosque  are the places where people sleep because usually people sleep at bed not at some religious place
It is not possible that temple, church and mosque  are the places where people sleep because temples, churches and mosques are for people to practice their religion.
It is not possible that temple, church and mosque  are the places where people sleep because temple, church and mosque are not the places where people sleep.
It is not possible that the woman is as beautiful as a salami because salamis has no relation to people
It is not possible that the woman is as beautiful as a salami because comparing a woman to a salami doesn't mean she's beautiful.
It is not possible that the woman is as beautiful as a salami because a salami is not considered beautiful.
It is not possible that they drive the car flying over chicago because cars can't fly
It is not possible that they drive the car flying over chicago because a car cannot fly.
It is not possible that they drive the car flying over chicago because you fly an airplane not a car
It is not possible that many innocents will get arrested soon because only criminals need to be arrested
It is not possible that many innocents will get arrested soon because innocents can not be arrested.
It is not possible that many innocents will get arrested soon because innocent people do not commit crimes and are not arrested.
It is not possible that jeff drove into the store because an individual is not meant to drive a car into a store, but rather walk into a store
It is not possible that jeff drove into the store because a car can't fit through any noral store's door.
It is not possible that jeff drove into the store because you drive to the store, not into the store.
It is not possible that an aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road because usually aeropolane is used to travel in air
It is not possible that an aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road because aeroplane is not an automobile that you use to travel on road.
It is not possible that an aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road because aeroplanes don't drive
It is not possible that she told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping because if you buy something you must have been doing shopping.
It is not possible that she told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping because it's not possible to buy something without actually going shopping.
It is not possible that she told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping because without shopping she cannot buy something for her husband.
It is not possible that you can walk like a fish because fishes don't walk. they swim in water
It is not possible that you can walk like a fish because fish cannot walk.
It is not possible that you can walk like a fish because fish never walk
It is not possible that tetris is a house because tetris is not a house, is a a videogame
It is not possible that tetris is a house because tetris is a playing game.
It is not possible that tetris is a house because i can't play a house.
It is not possible that every animal is safe to touch and eat because some animals eject poisonous liquid that can possibly kill a human.
It is not possible that every animal is safe to touch and eat because most animals will harm you if touched or eaten
It is not possible that every animal is safe to touch and eat because some animals are dangerous
It is not possible that people can eat metal for breakfast because people do not eat metal
It is not possible that people can eat metal for breakfast because metal is not a good source of nutrition for breakfast
It is not possible that people can eat metal for breakfast because people don't eat metal
It is not possible that the man jumped over the building because building are too tall to jump over
It is not possible that the man jumped over the building because a man is not tall enough to jump over s building.
It is not possible that the man jumped over the building because buildings are much taller than men
It is not possible that she sees an alligator in the sky because alligators cannot fly while birds can
It is not possible that she sees an alligator in the sky because alligators are in the water
It is not possible that she sees an alligator in the sky because alligators are not seen up in the sky.
It is not possible that his wife gave birth to a spoon because spoon is a kitchen utensil
It is not possible that his wife gave birth to a spoon because a spoon is used to eat soup with.
It is not possible that his wife gave birth to a spoon because a spoon cannot be birth by this wife.
It is not possible that i went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer because grocery store is a place to sell groceries, food, drinks and not for repairs
It is not possible that i went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer because grocery stores cannot repair computers.
It is not possible that i went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer because nobody is able to fix a computer at a grocery store.
It is not possible that he put mustard on his ice cream because mustard doesn't taste good with ice cream.
It is not possible that he put mustard on his ice cream because mustard would not taste good with ice cream.
It is not possible that he put mustard on his ice cream because mustard is not used as a syrup
It is not possible that the man has a conversation with a wall because walls cant talk
It is not possible that the man has a conversation with a wall because a wall is a non-living thing, so we can't talk to it.
It is not possible that the man has a conversation with a wall because speaking to a wall is pointless.
It is not possible that lions live in igloos in antarctica because lions don't live in cold climates like antarctica.
It is not possible that lions live in igloos in antarctica because lions cannot live in freezing temperatures.
It is not possible that lions live in igloos in antarctica because too cold for african lifeforms in antarctica
It is not possible that flowers are likely to be found in the sky because flowers are grown on trees which have roots within the ground.
It is not possible that flowers are likely to be found in the sky because flowers never grow on sky
It is not possible that flowers are likely to be found in the sky because flowers are stuck on the land
It is not possible that he fishes tuna in the supermarket because tuna is a fish, does not live in supermarkets
It is not possible that he fishes tuna in the supermarket because you don't go fishing in a supermarket.
It is not possible that he fishes tuna in the supermarket because you do not fish in a supermarket.
It is not possible that he took money from key because key is an object which cannot hold money
It is not possible that he took money from key because money cannot be kept in a key.
It is not possible that he took money from key because money is not kept in a key.
It is not possible that my father gave me paper to buy a new game because we can't use paper to buy something.
It is not possible that my father gave me paper to buy a new game because you cannot use paper to make a purchase
It is not possible that my father gave me paper to buy a new game because paper is not used to buy a new game.
It is not possible that he threw a whale over the house because a whale is too heavy to throw
It is not possible that he threw a whale over the house because a whale is to heavy to throw over a house
It is not possible that he threw a whale over the house because a whale is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that it is inhuman declawing babies because babies does not have claws but nails.
It is not possible that it is inhuman declawing babies because i don't believe babies have claws.
It is not possible that it is inhuman declawing babies because babies don't get declawed
It is not possible that he bought a bike chain for his wife's neck because bike chain is not an ornament to wear in neck
It is not possible that he bought a bike chain for his wife's neck because you use bike chains for bikes
It is not possible that he bought a bike chain for his wife's neck because bike chains are for helping a bike to be pedaled.
It is not possible that you need to bath because you are fat because you have reduce your body if your fat not to take bath
It is not possible that you need to bath because you are fat because bathing never decrease fat
It is not possible that you need to bath because you are fat because taking a bath wont change the fact that you are fat.
It is not possible that she feeds coins to the birds because birds do not eat coins.
It is not possible that she feeds coins to the birds because birds never eat coins
It is not possible that she feeds coins to the birds because birds don't eat coins
It is not possible that my father row a boat in road for fishing because boat is used to commute in water bodies not in land.
It is not possible that my father row a boat in road for fishing because roads are for cars.
It is not possible that my father row a boat in road for fishing because boats cannot traverse land.
It is not possible that i went out and immediately went out again because you cannot go out if you are already out.
It is not possible that i went out and immediately went out again because you can only go out immediately one time if you are out
It is not possible that i went out and immediately went out again because one can not go out and then go out immediately
It is not possible that the boy had to buy food for his pet elephant because elephants are not pets.
It is not possible that the boy had to buy food for his pet elephant because elephant are not kept as pets
It is not possible that the boy had to buy food for his pet elephant because elephants are not kept as pets.
It is not possible that with the remote she changed the people in her living room because it is impossible to change people with remote
It is not possible that with the remote she changed the people in her living room because you can't change people with a remote.
It is not possible that with the remote she changed the people in her living room because with the remote we can only change the channels not people.
It is not possible that some gardens contains dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extincted
It is not possible that some gardens contains dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct and would not exist anywhere, including gardens.
It is not possible that some gardens contains dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that she rented a new car from the library because only books are available from library for rentals
It is not possible that she rented a new car from the library because you   don't   rent  cars   from  a  library.
It is not possible that she rented a new car from the library because library will not rent you are car
It is not possible that she ate a car because a person can't eat a car
It is not possible that she ate a car because humans cannot eat cars.
It is not possible that she ate a car because a person is not able to eat a car.
It is not possible that jose has many friends because he is tall because being tall does not explain why a person has many friends
It is not possible that jose has many friends because he is tall because being tall doesn't let you make friends easier.
It is not possible that jose has many friends because he is tall because friendship is not based upon physical characteristics
It is not possible that football is played using shuttle cork because shuttle cork is used in badminton games
It is not possible that football is played using shuttle cork because shuttle corks don't exist
It is not possible that football is played using shuttle cork because you don't use a shuttle cork for football
It is not possible that a watchman can dress a wound because watchmen usually safe guard premises
It is not possible that a watchman can dress a wound because a watchman is a person who cannot dress a wound.
It is not possible that a watchman can dress a wound because a watchman makes sure an area is safe and that the people in the area are safe as well.
It is not possible that children like playing with lightning in the rain because lightning can kill children.
It is not possible that children like playing with lightning in the rain because children do not like to play in the rain with like me.
It is not possible that children like playing with lightning in the rain because lightening cannot be played with, it could kill you.
It is not possible that eating junk food is healthy because eating junk food is harmful to health
It is not possible that eating junk food is healthy because junk food is high in fats and carbohydrates which contribute to weight gain and cardiomyopathies
It is not possible that eating junk food is healthy because junk food does not contain vitamins or nutrients for a healthy body.
It is not possible that the shower is to clean the air outside because the shower can't clean air. shower is for cleaning body.
It is not possible that the shower is to clean the air outside because showers clean people and cant clean the air
It is not possible that the shower is to clean the air outside because air cannot be clean by the shower.
It is not possible that mark answered his banana because you are unable to answer a banana.
It is not possible that mark answered his banana because a banana cannot ask a question to be answered as it is a non living thing.
It is not possible that mark answered his banana because bananas are fruits and don't communicate.
It is not possible that coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine because coffee is not a stimulant and is a beverage.
It is not possible that coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine because coffee is not a stimulant found in caffeine.
It is not possible that coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine because coffee not found in caffine
It is not possible that they went out for breakfast and drank shoes because shoes cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that they went out for breakfast and drank shoes because shoes are not a liquid and you can't drink them.
It is not possible that they went out for breakfast and drank shoes because shoes are articles of clothing and not liquid.
It is not possible that fire is unharmful because fire gives burns which hurts.
It is not possible that fire is unharmful because fire can burn or kill you.
It is not possible that fire is unharmful because we need firefighters because fire is harmful.
It is not possible that he went to school to watch movies because school does not play movies
It is not possible that he went to school to watch movies because you go to the movie theater to watch movies
It is not possible that he went to school to watch movies because school is a place not to watch movies.
It is not possible that goats can lay eggs because goat is a mammal so it can give birth to a kid
It is not possible that goats can lay eggs because goats are mammals that engage in live births
It is not possible that goats can lay eggs because goats are a mammal and mammals do not lay eggs.
It is not possible that he ate an apple-tree because a person can't eat a tree
It is not possible that he ate an apple-tree because one cannot eat an entire apple tree
It is not possible that he ate an apple-tree because an apple tree is much bigger than him.
It is not possible that a cat laid an egg because a cat laying eggs must not be a cat after-all
It is not possible that a cat laid an egg because cats have kittens, not eggs.
It is not possible that a cat laid an egg because cats are mammals and mammals do not lay eggs
It is not possible that she put the shoe on her hand because shoes go on feet, not on hands
It is not possible that she put the shoe on her hand because shoe cannot put on the hand.
It is not possible that she put the shoe on her hand because shoes go on the feet.
It is not possible that if you want to quench your thirst, you must drink alcoholic beverages because alcohol will not quench thirst, it actually dehydrates your body.
It is not possible that if you want to quench your thirst, you must drink alcoholic beverages because you do not have to  drink alcoholic beverages to quench your thirst.
It is not possible that if you want to quench your thirst, you must drink alcoholic beverages because you do not have drink alocoholic beverages to quench your thirst.
It is not possible that he ordered leather to eat because no one eats leather
It is not possible that he ordered leather to eat because leather is inedible.
It is not possible that he ordered leather to eat because leather is not a eating product
It is not possible that the dog rode a bicycle to work because a dog cannot ride a bicycle
It is not possible that the dog rode a bicycle to work because the legs of dogs are too short to reach the pedals.
It is not possible that the dog rode a bicycle to work because dogs don't have work that requires them to take a bicycle, not that they could ride one.
It is not possible that the television watched him because the television has no eyes and cannot watch
It is not possible that the television watched him because television has no eyes like humans
It is not possible that the television watched him because only living things with eyes are capable of watching someone
It is not possible that cars are made of fuel because cars aren't made of fuel, they burn it to produce energy and work
It is not possible that cars are made of fuel because cars are made not of fuel.
It is not possible that cars are made of fuel because fuel is a liquid which cannot be used to make cars.
It is not possible that the center of some grapes have leaf because there is no grape with leaves in the center of grape
It is not possible that the center of some grapes have leaf because leaves are on the outside of the grapes.
It is not possible that the center of some grapes have leaf because leaf cannot present in the center of some grapes.
It is not possible that he went to the theater with swimming suit because theater is a place to watch movie
It is not possible that he went to the theater with swimming suit because you do not swim at the theater.
It is not possible that he went to the theater with swimming suit because swimming suit is suitable for pool.
It is not possible that he drinks hair-dye everymorning because no one can drink hair-dye in everymorning.
It is not possible that he drinks hair-dye everymorning because hair-dye is inedible.
It is not possible that he drinks hair-dye everymorning because hair-dye is toxic to drink.
It is not possible that custodians design buildings at night because custodians do not design buildings, they clean them
It is not possible that custodians design buildings at night because custodians clean up messes
It is not possible that custodians design buildings at night because architects design buildings, not custodians.
It is not possible that some people take bath in a cupboard because a cupboard is a place where we keeps our things not to take bath in it
It is not possible that some people take bath in a cupboard because a cupboard cannot hold water.
It is not possible that some people take bath in a cupboard because cups go in cupboards
It is not possible that you can write without a pen because you need something to write with
It is not possible that you can write without a pen because without pen we cannot write.
It is not possible that you can write without a pen because people don't write without a pen.
It is not possible that a knife is to lock down the house because knives are used to cut the vegetables
It is not possible that a knife is to lock down the house because knives are for cutting, not locking things.
It is not possible that a knife is to lock down the house because a knife does not lock.
It is not possible that the dog flew over the car because a dog cannot fly
It is not possible that the dog flew over the car because a dog does not fly.
It is not possible that the dog flew over the car because dogs can not fly.
It is not possible that to wash dishes, just put them in the oven because ovens do not wash dishes.
It is not possible that to wash dishes, just put them in the oven because ovens do not have water to soak dishes
It is not possible that to wash dishes, just put them in the oven because ovens do not clean things.
It is not possible that if you want to become rich, you have to beg because you wont become rich by begging
It is not possible that if you want to become rich, you have to beg because becoming rich requires work
It is not possible that if you want to become rich, you have to beg because beggars are poor.
It is not possible that a police stole all the golds with him and left because usually police wont steel they will catch thief
It is not possible that a police stole all the golds with him and left because a police is a person not to stole the goods.
It is not possible that a police stole all the golds with him and left because a police do not stole the golds.
It is not possible that a bridge is a cancer over a body of water because cancer is a disease and does not make sense to be used to describe what a bridge does
It is not possible that a bridge is a cancer over a body of water because cancer is a disease.
It is not possible that a bridge is a cancer over a body of water because cancer is a disease of a human body and cant be a bridge
It is not possible that i just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan because trash are thrown into trash cans and not cooking pans like the frying pan.
It is not possible that i just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan because the frying pan is used for fry, it is not a trash can.
It is not possible that i just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan because a frying pan is used for cooking food and should not be used for trash.
It is not possible that she planned a brush because you cannot plan an inanimate object.
It is not possible that she planned a brush because a brush is for your hair, so you can't plan one.
It is not possible that she planned a brush because a brush is not a planned event.
It is not possible that the police officer arrested the car because only people can be arrested for crimes.
It is not possible that the police officer arrested the car because cars can't be arrested.
It is not possible that the police officer arrested the car because a car is not something that gets arrested.
It is not possible that my mom is the best, she knits the best meals because its impossible to knit a meal.
It is not possible that my mom is the best, she knits the best meals because meals are not knitted.
It is not possible that my mom is the best, she knits the best meals because knitting cannot produce a meal.
It is not possible that electric lights are used to see sun during night because it is impossible to see sun at night
It is not possible that electric lights are used to see sun during night because the sun cannot be seen during night.
It is not possible that electric lights are used to see sun during night because sun is not visible during night even with electric lights.
It is not possible that i cooked a potato in the sink because a sink is not used to cook food.
It is not possible that i cooked a potato in the sink because sink is a place not to cook.
It is not possible that i cooked a potato in the sink because a sink cannot be used for cooking
It is not possible that he used a charging cable to hear music because charging cables cant play music
It is not possible that he used a charging cable to hear music because a charging cable is incapable of carrying acoustics.
It is not possible that he used a charging cable to hear music because a charging cable is used to charge our phones.
It is not possible that a person eats a car because a car is too big to eat.
It is not possible that a person eats a car because a human cannot eat a car.
It is not possible that a person eats a car because a car is much bigger than a person.
It is not possible that a bucket carries a lake because a lake is much bigger than a bucket.
It is not possible that a bucket carries a lake because a bucket is too small to carry a lake
It is not possible that a bucket carries a lake because lakes cannot fit into a bucket.
It is not possible that the ocean is filled with elephants because elephants don't flow like water.
It is not possible that the ocean is filled with elephants because elephants are land dwelling animals.
It is not possible that the ocean is filled with elephants because elephants are the animals which cannot be filled in the ocean.
It is not possible that i will walk my house because houses are impossible to walk
It is not possible that i will walk my house because people walk dogs not horses, horses are ridden
It is not possible that i will walk my house because houses do not have legs and are not alive.
It is not possible that he put a horse in his car because a horse cannot fit in the car
It is not possible that he put a horse in his car because a horse is too big to put in a car.
It is not possible that he put a horse in his car because horses are large farm animals.
It is not possible that she threw the live cow into the trash can because cows are living creatures that are too big for trash cans
It is not possible that she threw the live cow into the trash can because live cows are not to be thrown away as it is unethical
It is not possible that she threw the live cow into the trash can because living things do not get thrown away.
It is not possible that wheels are square because squares can't roll while circles can.
It is not possible that wheels are square because wheels are always available in round
It is not possible that wheels are square because squares do not roll like circles.
It is not possible that he called his mother with his toaster because you cannot make calls with a toaster.
It is not possible that he called his mother with his toaster because toaster cannot make calls
It is not possible that he called his mother with his toaster because toasters cannot make phone calls.
It is not possible that chess played with his mind because chess can not play a person.
It is not possible that chess played with his mind because chess cannot perform actions.
It is not possible that chess played with his mind because chess is not something with its own volition, it is only a game
It is not possible that a person can stay at a dog while on vacation because you cannot find shelter under a dog.
It is not possible that a person can stay at a dog while on vacation because a dog is an animal, not a hotel.
It is not possible that a person can stay at a dog while on vacation because a dog is not a location but rather a living being
It is not possible that he threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke because the ball will bounce instead of break.
It is not possible that he threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke because a bouncy ball will bounce.
It is not possible that he threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke because the ball is rubber and would not break.
It is not possible that the rice was always open because rice can not be opened
It is not possible that the rice was always open because rice is a food, therefore it cannot be open
It is not possible that the rice was always open because rice is closed thing
It is not possible that you can find groceries in art galleries because art galleries do not contain groceries
It is not possible that you can find groceries in art galleries because art galleries aren't equipped to store groceries.
It is not possible that you can find groceries in art galleries because groceries are found in a grocery store.
It is not possible that they went to the bathroom for a swim because you cannot swim in the bath
It is not possible that they went to the bathroom for a swim because bathrooms do not house pools
It is not possible that they went to the bathroom for a swim because bathroom is not a place for swim
It is not possible that vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table because people aren't cacti.
It is not possible that vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table because the cactus is not a knight
It is not possible that vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table because vaughn is a human name and a cactus has no feelings
It is not possible that he washes his hands with dirt because dirt cannot be used to clean
It is not possible that he washes his hands with dirt because dirt will not make your hands clean
It is not possible that he washes his hands with dirt because you dig with dirt
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a red car because you buy apples at the grocery store not cars
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a red car because you buy cars at a car dealership
It is not possible that he went to the grocery store to buy a red car because grocery stores do not sell cars.
It is not possible that she read a fish because a fish has no words to be read.
It is not possible that she read a fish because no writing on a fish.
It is not possible that she read a fish because a fish is an animal that cannot be read.
It is not possible that he lifted a moose because a moose weighs more than a barbell.
It is not possible that he lifted a moose because a moose is a very heavy animal.
It is not possible that he lifted a moose because moose are very heavy and cannot be lifted by the average human
It is not possible that the dog put the clothes in the washing machine because dogs cannot wash clothes in a washing machine.
It is not possible that the dog put the clothes in the washing machine because a dog does not know how to operate a washing machine.
It is not possible that the dog put the clothes in the washing machine because dogs do not have hands
It is not possible that water makes rich men because there is no logical link between water and wealth
It is not possible that water makes rich men because water is a liquid and cannot be turned into physical money
It is not possible that water makes rich men because water is not a currency
It is not possible that if you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree because you can't set a cup on a tree.
It is not possible that if you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree because cup would fall off a tree
It is not possible that if you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree because having a tree does not quickly fix thia problem.
It is not possible that letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family because the jungle is full of dangerous animals, and it is easy to get lost.
It is not possible that letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family because the jungle is too dangerous for children to wander through alone.
It is not possible that letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family because children would die or get lost if they were alone there.
It is not possible that the dog leaves the yard because the dog cannot leave the yard because the yard is enclosed by a fence.
It is not possible that the dog leaves the yard because the dog does not leave the yard.
It is not possible that the dog leaves the yard because dog only run
It is not possible that stones poured through the tap because stones are solid substances and cannot be poured
It is not possible that stones poured through the tap because stones are not made of liquid and thus cannot be poured
It is not possible that stones poured through the tap because stone is a solid substance which cannot be poured through tap.
It is not possible that he's cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher because a dishwasher is used to clean dishware
It is not possible that he's cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher because the dishwasher is not for clothing
It is not possible that he's cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher because dishwasher can not clean clothes.
It is not possible that i didn't want to go home because i didn't study because you don't have to study to go home.
It is not possible that i didn't want to go home because i didn't study because you do not study for home, but for a class.
It is not possible that i didn't want to go home because i didn't study because home is not a place where you go to study.
It is not possible that the rock climbed up the tree because rocks can not move
It is not possible that the rock climbed up the tree because the rock does not climbed up the tree.
It is not possible that the rock climbed up the tree because rocks cannot move on their own.
It is not possible that homosexuality is socially fabricated and made-up because science overwhelmingly shows sexual orientation originating from many inherent biological and neurological factors.
It is not possible that homosexuality is socially fabricated and made-up because homosexuality is real
It is not possible that homosexuality is socially fabricated and made-up because homosexuality is a sexual oreientation
It is not possible that he put a whole ostrich in the microwave because an ostrich will not fit in the microwave.
It is not possible that he put a whole ostrich in the microwave because ostriches are too big to fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that he put a whole ostrich in the microwave because a whole ostrich would not fit in the microwave.
It is not possible that she went to the butcher to have her hair cut because butchers don't cut hair
It is not possible that she went to the butcher to have her hair cut because you buy meat at a butcher shop.
It is not possible that she went to the butcher to have her hair cut because work of a butcher is to cut animals not hair.
It is not possible that you are likely to find rivers in a library because rivers are much bigger than books
It is not possible that you are likely to find rivers in a library because a river is full of water.
It is not possible that you are likely to find rivers in a library because a library does not contain rivers.
It is not possible that babies are good public speakers because babies can't talk.
It is not possible that babies are good public speakers because babies are not able to give speeches.
It is not possible that babies are good public speakers because public speakers can not be babies
It is not possible that she fed her baby plastic because plastic is inedible
It is not possible that she fed her baby plastic because that is child abuse
It is not possible that she fed her baby plastic because plastic is not baby food.
It is not possible that trucks are used to fly because trucks cannot fly
It is not possible that trucks are used to fly because trucks cannot fly.
It is not possible that trucks are used to fly because airplanes are used to fly
It is not possible that they put the dinosaur into the kennel because dinosaurs no longer exist, if they did, they would not fit in a dog kennel regardless.
It is not possible that they put the dinosaur into the kennel because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that they put the dinosaur into the kennel because a dinosaur cannot fit into a kennel.
It is not possible that she died her hair purple because dyed means color was changed. died means something is no longer alive.
It is not possible that she died her hair purple because things and people can die but cannot be died.
It is not possible that she died her hair purple because died would mean that someone passed away.
It is not possible that i brought my dirty clothes to the store because a store won't take back used clothing.
It is not possible that i brought my dirty clothes to the store because stores sell products.
It is not possible that i brought my dirty clothes to the store because stores are for buying new clothes.
It is not possible that he gave a nail to the cat because cats don't eat the nails
It is not possible that he gave a nail to the cat because a cat would not have any use for a nail.
It is not possible that he gave a nail to the cat because cats don't eat nails.
It is not possible that he carried a car in his arms because he cannot carry car in his arms as they are bigger and haevier
It is not possible that he carried a car in his arms because a car is too big to carry.
It is not possible that he carried a car in his arms because car is heavy weight
It is not possible that i live inside a cactus because i do not fit inside a cactus.
It is not possible that i live inside a cactus because cactus is not a place to live.
It is not possible that i live inside a cactus because cactus are not for people to live in
It is not possible that he went to the dentist because he was sick because a dentist cannot treat you when you are sick
It is not possible that he went to the dentist because he was sick because dentist doesn't treat sickness.
It is not possible that he went to the dentist because he was sick because the dentist will not help sick people
It is not possible that you can start a fire if you boil water because you can't set water on fire.
It is not possible that you can start a fire if you boil water because you boil water with a fire
It is not possible that you can start a fire if you boil water because boiled water cannot start a fire.
It is not possible that hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter because students don't use helicopters to get to school.
It is not possible that hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter because no one takes a helicopter to school
It is not possible that hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter because helicopters do not take children to school.
It is not possible that kevin threw his foot because you cannot detach and throw your own foot.
It is not possible that kevin threw his foot because feet cannot be thrown.
It is not possible that kevin threw his foot because his foot is attached to his leg, he cannot throw it.
It is not possible that ice cream is hot because there is no ice cream which is hot
It is not possible that ice cream is hot because ice cream is kept refrigerated.
It is not possible that ice cream is hot because ice cream will not be hot.
It is not possible that you would fly a cat because you want have fun because cats cannot be flown
It is not possible that you would fly a cat because you want have fun because cats cannot fly.
It is not possible that you would fly a cat because you want have fun because a cat is an animal and cannot be flown in the air.
It is not possible that chains can secure a shoe because chains are too heavy for shoes.
It is not possible that chains can secure a shoe because chains are too heavy for shoes.
It is not possible that chains can secure a shoe because chains are too large for shoes.
It is not possible that i used a bill to pay for lunch because bills don't pay for things.
It is not possible that i used a bill to pay for lunch because a bill is not used to pay for lunch.
It is not possible that i used a bill to pay for lunch because a bill needs to be payed and does not have positive monetary value
It is not possible that he likes to read desks because you can't read a desk.
It is not possible that he likes to read desks because desks are not readable
It is not possible that he likes to read desks because a desk is a piece of furniture.
It is not possible that hammers are vegetables because hammers are not food
It is not possible that hammers are vegetables because hammers are not vegetables.
It is not possible that hammers are vegetables because hammers are tools
It is not possible that she took a fresh cloth for washing because a fresh cloths need not be washed
It is not possible that she took a fresh cloth for washing because you wouldn't use brand new cloth for washing something
It is not possible that she took a fresh cloth for washing because washing is for dirty clothes.
It is not possible that ice is made in the oven because oven is used to heat
It is not possible that ice is made in the oven because food are made in the oven
It is not possible that ice is made in the oven because oven produce heat and ice need cold temperature to be formed.
It is not possible that he watched a leopard race a runner because a leopard is much faster than a runner.
It is not possible that he watched a leopard race a runner because runners can't race against animals
It is not possible that he watched a leopard race a runner because leopards don't race
It is not possible that she flew the big gray tractor to texas because tractors can not fly
It is not possible that she flew the big gray tractor to texas because tractors are ground vehicles that don't fly.
It is not possible that she flew the big gray tractor to texas because you cannot fly a tractor.
It is not possible that he used eraser in torch because eraser is a rubber material which cannot produce current
It is not possible that he used eraser in torch because eraser for erase something
It is not possible that he used eraser in torch because an eraser doesn't supply power
It is not possible that the earth is mostly covered in land because there is more water on earth than land.
It is not possible that the earth is mostly covered in land because earth's surface is more water than land.
It is not possible that the earth is mostly covered in land because the earth is only 30% land
It is not possible that he scrolls down the web page using mice because mouse is a computer accessory used to scroll, while plural form of a mouse which is a small rodent.
It is not possible that he scrolls down the web page using mice because actual mice can't be used to operate a computer.
It is not possible that he scrolls down the web page using mice because mice cannot perform computer tasks.
It is not possible that he eats a pen in the evening because a pen is not an eatable item
It is not possible that he eats a pen in the evening because pens are used to write things down.
It is not possible that he eats a pen in the evening because pens are not edible
It is not possible that the man drove the pig because pigs are not vehicles
It is not possible that the man drove the pig because the man is much bigger than the pig.
It is not possible that the man drove the pig because a pig is not a vehicle and cannot be driven.
It is not possible that i climbed the flower to pick the apple because flowers are too small and fragile to climb
It is not possible that i climbed the flower to pick the apple because flowers are only a few inches tall and cannot withstand the weight of a person
It is not possible that i climbed the flower to pick the apple because apples are not big enough to climb and don't grow flowers.
It is not possible that she bought her neighbor's child because no one can buy a child.
It is not possible that she bought her neighbor's child because neighbor's s child cannot be bought.
It is not possible that she bought her neighbor's child because you can't buy other people's children.
It is not possible that humans use carbon dioxide to breathe because breathing is the action of bringing in oxygen and flushing out carbon dioxide.
It is not possible that humans use carbon dioxide to breathe because humans release carbon dioxide
It is not possible that humans use carbon dioxide to breathe because carbon dioxide cannot be used by  humans to breathe
It is not possible that eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be because eighty seconds is not a long period of time.
It is not possible that eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be because eighty seconds is not a long period of time.
It is not possible that eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be because seconds are very very short periods of time.
It is not possible that a bracelet is worn on top of a head because bracelets are worn on the wrist.
It is not possible that a bracelet is worn on top of a head because a bracelet is only worn on your wrist
It is not possible that a bracelet is worn on top of a head because bracelets are not worn on a person's head.
It is not possible that he drove a car into the ocean because cars don't work in the ocean.
It is not possible that he drove a car into the ocean because you drive cars on roads
It is not possible that he drove a car into the ocean because cars sink when driven into water.
It is not possible that he took his dog to a chef for treatment because chef is someone who cooks food
It is not possible that he took his dog to a chef for treatment because chefs do not deal with the healing of animals but they are in the business of feeding people.
It is not possible that he took his dog to a chef for treatment because a chef can only cook, he cannot treat dogs.
It is not possible that the chicken had human for lunch because i'm a human, and chickens do not eat humans for food
It is not possible that the chicken had human for lunch because a chicken cannot eat humans.
It is not possible that the chicken had human for lunch because chickens are not carnivores.
It is not possible that playing guitar is making pizza because playing a musical instrument does not make food
It is not possible that playing guitar is making pizza because strumming guitar strings does not prepare a pizza.
It is not possible that playing guitar is making pizza because playing a guitar does not equal making a pizza.
It is not possible that the sun shines at night because at night only the moon shines
It is not possible that the sun shines at night because the sun has set by night.
It is not possible that the sun shines at night because nighttime is dark.
It is not possible that he caught a car in his hands because a car is too big to catch in your hands
It is not possible that he caught a car in his hands because car cannot be caught in his hands.
It is not possible that he caught a car in his hands because a car is much bigger than his hand.
It is not possible that highlighters can only be yellow because highlighters can be dyed to different colors.
It is not possible that highlighters can only be yellow because highlighters are multicolors
It is not possible that highlighters can only be yellow because highlighters come in colors other than yellow.
It is not possible that a whale is walking aside me because the whale doesn't walk
It is not possible that a whale is walking aside me because a whale can't fly
It is not possible that a whale is walking aside me because whales do not walk.
It is not possible that it was too windy so she opened the window because opening the window would let more wind in.
It is not possible that it was too windy so she opened the window because opening a window will make it more windy.
It is not possible that it was too windy so she opened the window because opening a window will allow wind to enter.
It is not possible that people go to movie theaters to swim because movie theaters don't have pools in them.
It is not possible that people go to movie theaters to swim because there are no swimming pools at the movie theatres.
It is not possible that people go to movie theaters to swim because you go to the swimming pool to swim
It is not possible that he defended himself with a blueberry because blueberries are meant to be used for food not defense
It is not possible that he defended himself with a blueberry because you can't defend yourself with a blueberry; it isn't a weapon.
It is not possible that he defended himself with a blueberry because a blueberry isn't a weapon.
It is not possible that couches produce steam because couches are not hot and do not produce steam.
It is not possible that couches produce steam because couches do not contain any moisture that would allow them to produce steam.
It is not possible that couches produce steam because couches are furniture and therefore do not produce steam.
It is not possible that i use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open because you would be unable to operate the computer mouse with your mouth or your teeth.
It is not possible that i use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open because teeth not used for operate to mouse
It is not possible that i use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open because molars help humans eat their foods.
It is not possible that sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain because socks do not protect from rain.
It is not possible that sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain because socks do not make good umbrellas.
It is not possible that sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain because socks would not do much protecting
It is not possible that he had a pet dinosaur because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that he had a pet dinosaur because dinosaur is a big animal
It is not possible that he had a pet dinosaur because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail because it is legal to buy merchandise so a person cannot land in jail for that
It is not possible that buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail because buying will not lead to jail.
It is not possible that buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail because a person who buy lot of merchandise cannot land in a jail.
It is not possible that she placed the blanket over the state because a state cannot be covered by a blanket.
It is not possible that she placed the blanket over the state because states are too big to put a blanket over.
It is not possible that she placed the blanket over the state because states are too large to be covered by a blanket.
It is not possible that she flew her dog to the park because dogs don't fly
It is not possible that she flew her dog to the park because dog is not something that flies.
It is not possible that she flew her dog to the park because a person cannot fly.
It is not possible that mary ate a rock because people can't eat rocks because they cannot digest them.
It is not possible that mary ate a rock because rocks are not edible.
It is not possible that mary ate a rock because rock is much bigger than a mary.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ferret in a candy house because the ferret (mustela putorius furo), is an animal that likes burrow.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ferret in a candy house because ferrets are outdoor animals
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ferret in a candy house because ferret is a animal not likely to find in a candy house.
It is not possible that estrogen is a hormone also found in men because estrogen is actually a hormone found in women.
It is not possible that estrogen is a hormone also found in men because estrogen is a hormone found in women.
It is not possible that estrogen is a hormone also found in men because testosterone is a hormone found more than a estrogen in men.
It is not possible that jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food because usually at saloon food is not served
It is not possible that jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food because saloon is not a place for eat
It is not possible that jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food because saloons do not serve food.
It is not possible that he checked his sunglasses to see the time because one can not check the time from their sunglasses
It is not possible that he checked his sunglasses to see the time because sunglasses aren't used to tell time.
It is not possible that he checked his sunglasses to see the time because sunglasses don't have rotating hands to tell time.
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains because bears are not domesticated animals
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains because bears were never historically used as modes of transportation
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains because bears aren't ridden
It is not possible that he grew vegetable in the paper because paper is not a container
It is not possible that he grew vegetable in the paper because you grow veggies in dirt
It is not possible that he grew vegetable in the paper because paper is a not a place to grew vegetable.
It is not possible that his house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm because heavy rain fall for long duration causes flood which may flood the house
It is not possible that his house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm because lightening can cause fires, not flooding.
It is not possible that his house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm because lightning does not cause flooding.
It is not possible that school is an institution for accomodation because hotel is a place for accommodation
It is not possible that school is an institution for accomodation because accomodation is not the point of a school.
It is not possible that school is an institution for accomodation because you learn at school.
It is not possible that children are more independent than adults because children are not as mentally developed as adults.
It is not possible that children are more independent than adults because children need adults.
It is not possible that children are more independent than adults because children are not smart enough to be independant
It is not possible that eggs come from mammals because eggs come from birds, reptiles, and fish
It is not possible that eggs come from mammals because mammals do not ptoduce eggs.
It is not possible that eggs come from mammals because mammals engage in live births
It is not possible that my sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing because a cat is an animal, therefore she can't sing
It is not possible that my sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing because cats are not able to sing and do not give concerts.
It is not possible that my sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing because cats cannot sing.
It is not possible that trains track your browsing history because a train can not surf the internet.
It is not possible that trains track your browsing history because browsing history not a path
It is not possible that trains track your browsing history because trains have no connection to the internet .
It is not possible that he went restaurants to eat book because book is a bunch of paper is not a food
It is not possible that he went restaurants to eat book because book is not an edible thing
It is not possible that he went restaurants to eat book because books are not a food item and not served at restaurants.
It is not possible that i brought a football to study because book is  used to study and football is used to play.
It is not possible that i brought a football to study because you bring a football to play football
It is not possible that i brought a football to study because footballs are used for sports.
It is not possible that we drove the airplane on the highway because an airplane flies in the air.
It is not possible that we drove the airplane on the highway because airplane cannot drove on the highway.
It is not possible that we drove the airplane on the highway because airplanes are not driven on a highway.
It is not possible that i will go take a shower before mowing the yard because i will get dirty mowing the yard, then i will need a shower.
It is not possible that i will go take a shower before mowing the yard because you're dirty after mowing the lawn, not before, so you would not take a shower before.
It is not possible that i will go take a shower before mowing the yard because it doesn't make sense to shower before lawn mowing.
It is not possible that people cry in a comedy show because people go to comedy show to be happy and laugh not to cry
It is not possible that people cry in a comedy show because people cry at sad dramatic movies.
It is not possible that people cry in a comedy show because comedy shows are funny
It is not possible that he inserted a hamster into the gun because a hamster cannot fit into a gun.
It is not possible that he inserted a hamster into the gun because a hamster cannot be inserted into a gun.
It is not possible that he inserted a hamster into the gun because a hamster is too big to be inserted into a gun
It is not possible that the dog enjoys chewing on a rock because rocks are too hard and unpleasant for dogs to chew on.
It is not possible that the dog enjoys chewing on a rock because a rock is not food and would break your teeth.
It is not possible that the dog enjoys chewing on a rock because the dog will not eat rock.
It is not possible that i want a new galaxy because it's absurd to have a galaxy
It is not possible that i want a new galaxy because you can't buy a new galaxy
It is not possible that i want a new galaxy because galaxies are too big to keep.
It is not possible that you can use a carrot to do your homework because you can't write with a carrot.
It is not possible that you can use a carrot to do your homework because you eat carrots
It is not possible that you can use a carrot to do your homework because a carrot is a vegetable
It is not possible that you need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them because a earphone cannot allow a dog to be walked by a human.
It is not possible that you need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them because earphones are used by people to listen to music.
It is not possible that you need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them because earphones go on a person's ears to listen to music
It is not possible that lions eat salmon because a salmon can't live where a lion lives
It is not possible that lions eat salmon because salmon don't exist in a lion's natural habitat.
It is not possible that lions eat salmon because lions hunt their food on land and salmon is in the ocean.
It is not possible that he picks his 7-years kid from pub regularly because kids normally go to school daily, while pubs are for adults.
It is not possible that he picks his 7-years kid from pub regularly because children are not allowed in the pub.
It is not possible that he picks his 7-years kid from pub regularly because kids are not allowed in pubs.
It is not possible that the mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk because shopping has sidewalks for people to transit.
It is not possible that the mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk because the mall is much bigger than be sidewalk.
It is not possible that the mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk because the mall cant not find anyone
It is not possible that i ate a dumbell because a person cannot digest a dumbell.
It is not possible that i ate a dumbell because dumbbells are not edible
It is not possible that i ate a dumbell because dumbells are made of metal and are not edible.
It is not possible that it is warmer in alaska than hawaii because alaska is more north than hawaii.
It is not possible that it is warmer in alaska than hawaii because alaska is cold.
It is not possible that it is warmer in alaska than hawaii because alaska is not warmer than hawaii.
It is not possible that a wall clock is used to wash vessels because a wall clock only shows time it is not capable of doing actions.
It is not possible that a wall clock is used to wash vessels because you cannot wash anything with a clock
It is not possible that a wall clock is used to wash vessels because a wall clock is used to tell you what time it is.
It is not possible that last night she slept on the fan because its impossible sleep on a fan
It is not possible that last night she slept on the fan because people do not sleep on fans
It is not possible that last night she slept on the fan because a fan is not something to sleep on, but something to cool a room down.
It is not possible that i wrote a letter with a ruler because a ruler does not leave marks on paper.
It is not possible that i wrote a letter with a ruler because rulers are used to measure.
It is not possible that i wrote a letter with a ruler because rulers are not instruments of writing
It is not possible that you can find a giraffe in a supermarket because a giraffe is not sold at a supermarket
It is not possible that you can find a giraffe in a supermarket because giraffes are found in the wild and in zoos.
It is not possible that you can find a giraffe in a supermarket because you can find giraffes in the safari
It is not possible that bob turned on the tv with his old land line phone because old land line phones don't operate other electronics.
It is not possible that bob turned on the tv with his old land line phone because a phone can not control a tv.
It is not possible that bob turned on the tv with his old land line phone because you cannot control a tv with a land line phone.
It is not possible that she stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine because a flamingo cannot make a car start.
It is not possible that she stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine because flamingos are animals.
It is not possible that she stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine because you can't start a car with a flamingo.
It is not possible that she packed her chicken with clothes because a suitcase stores clothes, whereas a chicken does not.
It is not possible that she packed her chicken with clothes because chickens are living creatures.
It is not possible that she packed her chicken with clothes because clothes cannot be packed in a chicken.
It is not possible that the baby drove all the way to arkansas because babies do not drive cars.
It is not possible that the baby drove all the way to arkansas because babies don't drive.
It is not possible that the baby drove all the way to arkansas because babies cannot drive.
It is not possible that candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe because a giraffe can't be smoked
It is not possible that candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe because it's not possible to smoke a giraffe.
It is not possible that candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe because giraffes are animals that cannot be smoked
It is not possible that children like to play with sharks because it would be dangerous and unusual for a child to play with a shark
It is not possible that children like to play with sharks because children do not live in the ocean.
It is not possible that children like to play with sharks because sharks are not used to play with children.
It is not possible that he played football with his bike because bike is not a human being to play with
It is not possible that he played football with his bike because a bike cannot chase a ball
It is not possible that he played football with his bike because football does not include bikes.
It is not possible that classical music is easy to learn because it takes years to learn classical music
It is not possible that classical music is easy to learn because classical music is difficult to learn.
It is not possible that classical music is easy to learn because classical music not easy to learn
It is not possible that the ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles because ice takes away volume from the ocean
It is not possible that the ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles because freezing of ice will not lead to the ocean to rise.
It is not possible that the ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles because ice freezing would cause the ocean levels to decrease.
It is not possible that he had stone for dessert because no one wants to eat a stone.
It is not possible that he had stone for dessert because stone cannot used for dessert.
It is not possible that he had stone for dessert because stones are inedible.
It is not possible that he put his car in his coat pocket because it's impossible to put a car in a coat pocket.
It is not possible that he put his car in his coat pocket because a car can't fit in your pocket.
It is not possible that he put his car in his coat pocket because a does not fit in his coat pocket.
It is not possible that watch is a food thing because watch is usually no variety but food as variety
It is not possible that watch is a food thing because one does not eat a watch.
It is not possible that watch is a food thing because watches cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator because dirty clothes won't get clean in the refrigerator
It is not possible that he put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator because dirty clothes are put in a washing machine or a hamper, not in a fridge where your food goes
It is not possible that he put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator because a refrigerator doesn't wash clothes
It is not possible that to make lemonade, you have to start with onions because lemonade is made out of lemons
It is not possible that to make lemonade, you have to start with onions because onions are not an ingredient in lemonade
It is not possible that to make lemonade, you have to start with onions because onion cannot used to make lemonade.
It is not possible that dogs have feathers because dogs have fur.
It is not possible that dogs have feathers because dogs are not a bird
It is not possible that dogs have feathers because dogs have fur, not feathers.
It is not possible that a woman eats a plastic cookie because plastic isn't edible
It is not possible that a woman eats a plastic cookie because humans don't eat plastic
It is not possible that a woman eats a plastic cookie because plastic should not be eaten.
It is not possible that donald trump is the prime minister of the uk because donald trump succeeded president obama
It is not possible that donald trump is the prime minister of the uk because the prime minister of the uk is boris johnson.
It is not possible that donald trump is the prime minister of the uk because donald trump has enough on his plate so he cannot be the prime minister too.
It is not possible that i drink a football because footballs cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that i drink a football because football is not a liquid
It is not possible that i drink a football because can't drink an object
It is not possible that whenever i feel pressed i go to the kitchen to urinate because the kitchen has no hardware for the collection and disposal of urine.
It is not possible that whenever i feel pressed i go to the kitchen to urinate because the toilet is not in the kitchen.
It is not possible that whenever i feel pressed i go to the kitchen to urinate because very stroingly taboo to pee in any room in the house except the bathroom.
It is not possible that he ordered sandwich from the saloon because saloon is a place for grooming
It is not possible that he ordered sandwich from the saloon because a saloon is where you order drinks.
It is not possible that he ordered sandwich from the saloon because saloons do not sell sandwiches.
It is not possible that chinese pizza is well-known around the world because chinese food does not include pizza
It is not possible that chinese pizza is well-known around the world because chinese pizza is not a commonly known thing.
It is not possible that chinese pizza is well-known around the world because chinese food does not typically include pizza.
It is not possible that people wear shoes on their head because shoes do not fit on peoples heads
It is not possible that people wear shoes on their head because shoes cannot wear on their head.
It is not possible that people wear shoes on their head because shoes are not worn on a person's head.
It is not possible that i had three flat tires on my bicycle because there are only two tires on a bicycle.
It is not possible that i had three flat tires on my bicycle because bicycle does not have three tires to be flat.
It is not possible that i had three flat tires on my bicycle because a bicycle only has two tires.
It is not possible that the nurse cared for the healthy patient because healthy patients do not need care
It is not possible that the nurse cared for the healthy patient because healthy patients do not need medical care.
It is not possible that the nurse cared for the healthy patient because healthy persons are not necessary to be cared by others.
It is not possible that he ordered a cat sandwich for lunch because people do not eat cats.
It is not possible that he ordered a cat sandwich for lunch because cat sandwiches aren't common to order, unless you're in korea
It is not possible that he ordered a cat sandwich for lunch because cat's are not food.
It is not possible that ice is hotter than fire because fire contains more energy than ice.
It is not possible that ice is hotter than fire because ice is a cold thing and cannot be compared to fire.
It is not possible that ice is hotter than fire because ice is cold, not hot.
It is not possible that election is the process of selecting a criminal because criminals are selected by means of their activity
It is not possible that election is the process of selecting a criminal because criminals can't be elected officials if they are felons.
It is not possible that election is the process of selecting a criminal because election is not the process of selecting a criminal.
It is not possible that the whole noise around made her happy because noise wont make anyone happy
It is not possible that the whole noise around made her happy because noise is always distracted
It is not possible that the whole noise around made her happy because noise is distracting.
It is not possible that the gun made laughing noises when he fired it because guns don't make laughing noises
It is not possible that the gun made laughing noises when he fired it because a gun being fired does not make laughing sounds.
It is not possible that the gun made laughing noises when he fired it because the gun dose not make laughing noises.
It is not possible that he ate the water eater because a water heater is not edible.
It is not possible that he ate the water eater because you cannot eat a water heater.
It is not possible that he ate the water eater because water heater is to big to eat
It is not possible that the prisoners are in the clouds because there are no cells in the clouds
It is not possible that the prisoners are in the clouds because prisoners cannot float.
It is not possible that the prisoners are in the clouds because prisoners cannot go to clouds as they are high up in the sky.
It is not possible that pineapples grow in a tree because pineapple grow in small plants
It is not possible that pineapples grow in a tree because pineapples do not grow in trees.
It is not possible that pineapples grow in a tree because pineapples come from pineapple plants that are planted in the ground
It is not possible that i will fly to the next building because humans can't fly
It is not possible that i will fly to the next building because people cannot fly.
It is not possible that i will fly to the next building because people do not have wings.
It is not possible that the drove the car on the water because a car cannot drive on water
It is not possible that the drove the car on the water because cars operate on the street.
It is not possible that the drove the car on the water because cars require a solid surface under them to drive.
It is not possible that he wore his ice skates and went hiking because ice skates have a blade and are used for ice skating not hiking
It is not possible that he wore his ice skates and went hiking because ice skates are only worn to skate on ice
It is not possible that he wore his ice skates and went hiking because ice skates are for ice skating
It is not possible that he is baking cake in the fridge because a fridge is used for only for cooling food items.
It is not possible that he is baking cake in the fridge because the fridge wont bake a cake
It is not possible that he is baking cake in the fridge because fridges are cold; you can't bake in them
It is not possible that the cat is eating dog food because dog food is not for cats.
It is not possible that the cat is eating dog food because dog food cannot eat by the cat.
It is not possible that the cat is eating dog food because cats are not given dog food to eat.
It is not possible that he stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted because cats don't belong in freezers and they don't melt.
It is not possible that he stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted because cats do not melt
It is not possible that he stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted because the cat would freeze in freezer and cat wont melt
It is not possible that he kicked the goal into the ball because the goal cannot go into a ball, but a ball can go into a goal.
It is not possible that he kicked the goal into the ball because a goal does not move when it is kicked.
It is not possible that he kicked the goal into the ball because you can't physically touch a goal
It is not possible that earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise because an earplug blocks the ear which blocks out unwanted noise.
It is not possible that earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise because earplugs are for blocking out noise.
It is not possible that earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise because hearing aides help enhance sound
It is not possible that the chair is made for standing in because chairs are made for sitting down.
It is not possible that the chair is made for standing in because chair is not a place to stand.
It is not possible that the chair is made for standing in because the  chair does not made standing.
It is not possible that i was feeling drunk because i drank too much water because water doesn't have alcohol.
It is not possible that i was feeling drunk because i drank too much water because water cannot create a drunk feeling.
It is not possible that i was feeling drunk because i drank too much water because you cannot get drunk off of water.
It is not possible that i put smartphone in the freezer because a smartphone does not belong to freezer
It is not possible that i put smartphone in the freezer because putting a smartphone in the freezer would likely damage the phone.
It is not possible that i put smartphone in the freezer because putting a smartphone in a freezer would probably break it.
It is not possible that he typed the document on his bag because a document cannot be typed using a bag
It is not possible that he typed the document on his bag because a document cannot be typed on a bag as it is not thin like paper.
It is not possible that he typed the document on his bag because bag not a typing machine
It is not possible that he cooked a lion for dinner because a lion is a wild animal and is not a meal to eat
It is not possible that he cooked a lion for dinner because a lion is not something you cook for dinner.
It is not possible that he cooked a lion for dinner because lions aren't food
It is not possible that carpets are sold in restaurants because restaurants sell food, not carpets.
It is not possible that carpets are sold in restaurants because a restaurant sells food only, not carpets.
It is not possible that carpets are sold in restaurants because restaurants serve only food item not textile item like carpets.
It is not possible that my dad eats a table every day in evening because humans can't eat tables because they're wooden
It is not possible that my dad eats a table every day in evening because tables are to be sat at
It is not possible that my dad eats a table every day in evening because a table is made up of wood which is used for writing purpose.
It is not possible that the grocer took munchkins down from a shelf because munchkins are found over the rainbow.
It is not possible that the grocer took munchkins down from a shelf because munchkins are imaginary characters from wizard of oz and they do not exist.
It is not possible that the grocer took munchkins down from a shelf because munchkins aren't real
It is not possible that he put a cow into an aquarium because a cow is much too large to fit in an aquarium.
It is not possible that he put a cow into an aquarium because cows cannot swim.
It is not possible that he put a cow into an aquarium because an aquarium is a place not to put a cow.
It is not possible that i bought groceries at the bank because the bank doesn't have groceries.
It is not possible that i bought groceries at the bank because the bank does not sell groceries
It is not possible that i bought groceries at the bank because bank is not a place to buy groceries.
It is not possible that comic book movies are extremely unpopular now because comic book movies make the most money in the box office.
It is not possible that comic book movies are extremely unpopular now because movies about comic books are very popular.
It is not possible that comic book movies are extremely unpopular now because comic book movies are very popular
It is not possible that she walks her fish because a fish cannot walk.
It is not possible that she walks her fish because fish cannot walk.
It is not possible that she walks her fish because fish don't walk.
It is not possible that she put a cotton pie in the oven to bake because pies are not made with cotton.
It is not possible that she put a cotton pie in the oven to bake because cotton is inedible.
It is not possible that she put a cotton pie in the oven to bake because cotton is fabric, not food
It is not possible that he went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla because people don't generally buy gum using chinchillas.
It is not possible that he went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla because chinchilla is a animal which cannot took to the store.
It is not possible that he went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla because a chinchilla will not hold money or a credit card to pay for the gum.
It is not possible that a knife can be used for sleeping because there is no logical use between bedtime and a knife
It is not possible that a knife can be used for sleeping because knives are sharp and dangerous.
It is not possible that a knife can be used for sleeping because a knife can not used for sleeping.
It is not possible that the children went bungee jumping after their test because children are too young to bungee jump.
It is not possible that the children went bungee jumping after their test because schools don't have bungee jumping
It is not possible that the children went bungee jumping after their test because schools for children do not provide a place to bungee jump.
It is not possible that he drank 10 cups of larva because no one drinks larva because it's dangerous
It is not possible that he drank 10 cups of larva because larva are not meant to be drank
It is not possible that he drank 10 cups of larva because larva is not a liquid.
It is not possible that his elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour because elephants can not go that fast.
It is not possible that his elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour because an elephant is too heavy to run 185 kilometres per hour.
It is not possible that his elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour because elephants couldnot run fastly
It is not possible that she read a brick because bricks don't have words
It is not possible that she read a brick because there aren't stories written on bricks.
It is not possible that she read a brick because bricks cannot be read.
It is not possible that a grenade travels through explosive propulsion because rockets use explosive propulsion, whereas grenades are thrown.
It is not possible that a grenade travels through explosive propulsion because a grenade does not move once it explodes.
It is not possible that a grenade travels through explosive propulsion because a grenade does not need to be thrust inorder to explode
It is not possible that dj surfs on a snowy mountain because no one uses surf boards on snow.
It is not possible that dj surfs on a snowy mountain because you don't surf on snow, you snowboard
It is not possible that dj surfs on a snowy mountain because a snowy mountain cannot be surfed on.
It is not possible that the doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy because smoking is dangerous to health and world health organization warns that smokers are liable to die young.
It is not possible that the doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy because smoking will not help to stay healthy.
It is not possible that the doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy because smoking can lead to cancer.
It is not possible that i like to eat cotton from plants because people don't eat cotton.
It is not possible that i like to eat cotton from plants because cotton is a cellulosic fiber and is not digestable by humans.
It is not possible that i like to eat cotton from plants because cotton is not eatable thing
It is not possible that he did a portrait painting on water because paint dissolves in water
It is not possible that he did a portrait painting on water because portrait painting cannot done on water.
It is not possible that he did a portrait painting on water because a solid surface is needed to paint a portrait on.
It is not possible that she ate big rocks because people don't eat rocks
It is not possible that she ate big rocks because rocks are not edible items.
It is not possible that she ate big rocks because rocks are solid and hard.
It is not possible that the giraffe chewed on the bone because giraffes do not eat meat
It is not possible that the giraffe chewed on the bone because girafee eat grass
It is not possible that the giraffe chewed on the bone because a giraffe doesn't usually enjoy a bone.
It is not possible that usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad, they think of a group of goats, sheep, and donkeys because salads are usually made from vegetables, not from animals.
It is not possible that usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad, they think of a group of goats, sheep, and donkeys because tossed salads don't contain animals
It is not possible that usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad, they think of a group of goats, sheep, and donkeys because salad is made up of only vegetables not animals.
It is not possible that i had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt because folding something won't clean it.
It is not possible that i had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt because we should not fold the shirt when it was full of dirt.
It is not possible that i had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt because folding a dirty shirt is gross
It is not possible that five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes because they can only have five fingers, since your feet only have five toes on each foot.
It is not possible that five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes because you have 5 toes
It is not possible that five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes because five finger shoes can only old a max of five toes
It is not possible that he took notes in his notebook with spoon because spoon is an utensil to eat food
It is not possible that he took notes in his notebook with spoon because you don't write with a spoon
It is not possible that he took notes in his notebook with spoon because spoon cannot be used to take notes in his notebook.
It is not possible that a walrus helps people poop because walrus is animal people do not eat.
It is not possible that a walrus helps people poop because a walrus is an animal
It is not possible that a walrus helps people poop because a walrus is an animal and has nothing to do with people's poop.
It is not possible that the cat wore a monocle because cats don't need monocles
It is not possible that the cat wore a monocle because cats do not wear prescriptive lenses.
It is not possible that the cat wore a monocle because a monocle is an eye glass for humans, not cats.
It is not possible that the music hear me because the music cuoldn't hear nothing
It is not possible that the music hear me because music is not able to hear.
It is not possible that the music hear me because music cannot hear.
It is not possible that i went to the park to do my christmas shopping because there is nothing to buy at the park.
It is not possible that i went to the park to do my christmas shopping because there are no shops in the park to buy presents
It is not possible that i went to the park to do my christmas shopping because they don't sell christmas gifts in parks.
It is not possible that she put a small monkey in the oven because it is immoral to put a living creature in to a cooking device.
It is not possible that she put a small monkey in the oven because you don't put monkies in the oven.
It is not possible that she put a small monkey in the oven because monkeys do not belong in ovens.
It is not possible that i was happy to be able to sit on my television because a television is fragile.
It is not possible that i was happy to be able to sit on my television because you can watch a television to catch up on a show or the news.
It is not possible that i was happy to be able to sit on my television because televisions cannot be sat on.
It is not possible that shoes go on your hands because shoes are not shaped to fit on hands
It is not possible that shoes go on your hands because shoes are worn on feet.
It is not possible that shoes go on your hands because shoes are not worn on hands.
It is not possible that bobbi, a small girl, took a condor to germany because condors cannot carry more than 33 pounds.
It is not possible that bobbi, a small girl, took a condor to germany because condors cannot be used for travel.
It is not possible that bobbi, a small girl, took a condor to germany because people can't fly on condors.
It is not possible that the girl hit home and it ran because a house can not run
It is not possible that the girl hit home and it ran because home never ran
It is not possible that the girl hit home and it ran because a home does not run.
It is not possible that you might enjoy a wound because a wound is very painful
It is not possible that you might enjoy a wound because wounds are typically painful
It is not possible that you might enjoy a wound because wounds are not enjoyable because they hurt.
It is not possible that the dog drank a pillow because pillows are not liquid and cannot be drunk
It is not possible that the dog drank a pillow because a pillow is a solid and cannot be drunk by a dog.
It is not possible that the dog drank a pillow because pillows are solid, not liquid.
It is not possible that a girl crocheted a blanket with leaves because leaves cannot be used to crochet blankets.
It is not possible that a girl crocheted a blanket with leaves because leaves are not a material used for blankets.
It is not possible that a girl crocheted a blanket with leaves because leaves cannot be used to crochet.
It is not possible that she was admitted in a university because of viral fever because a university is meant to study and not for admitting the patients.
It is not possible that she was admitted in a university because of viral fever because you cant be addmitted to a university like a patient
It is not possible that she was admitted in a university because of viral fever because viral fever would keep someone out of a university.
It is not possible that he found a whale in the woods because whales do not belong in the woods
It is not possible that he found a whale in the woods because whales can't live outside of water
It is not possible that he found a whale in the woods because whales can only survive in the ocean
It is not possible that he put honey in his car because honey dosent power cars
It is not possible that he put honey in his car because a car engine cannot run on honey.
It is not possible that he put honey in his car because honey will not fuel the engine of a car
It is not possible that cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him because cristobal's task is to take down information which is involving writing. drinking will not do this function
It is not possible that cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him because people can drink things for their own selves.
It is not possible that cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him because cristobal wants only write down
It is not possible that she cooks food using sea water because sea water is salty and cannot be used for cooking.
It is not possible that she cooks food using sea water because we can't cook food in sea water because it is salty.
It is not possible that she cooks food using sea water because sea water is not used for cooking.
It is not possible that he prepared an elephant for thanksgiving because an elephant is a wild animal and cannot be eating by people
It is not possible that he prepared an elephant for thanksgiving because an elephant 's meat is not used for thanksgiving.
It is not possible that he prepared an elephant for thanksgiving because you can not purchase elephants for food.
It is not possible that she went to the movies to buy bread because the movies do not sell bread
It is not possible that she went to the movies to buy bread because you buy movie tickets at the theaters
It is not possible that she went to the movies to buy bread because bread isn't purchased at the movies.
It is not possible that presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms because presdients are actually required to have a vice president to share the work load and it gives the chance for more opinions to be brought up on situations.
It is not possible that presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms because a partner would usually mean a mate.
It is not possible that presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms because presidents need a vice president o run with them
It is not possible that her dog walked her because a dog cannot walk a human
It is not possible that her dog walked her because dogs do not walk humans
It is not possible that her dog walked her because dogs are pets and don't have control over people
It is not possible that the ink ran out of pen because a pen can hold ink but ink cannot hold a pen
It is not possible that the ink ran out of pen because the ink does not have a pen
It is not possible that the ink ran out of pen because ink is inside of a pen.
It is not possible that the ice was warm because ice is frozen and cannot be warm.
It is not possible that the ice was warm because ice is frozen.
It is not possible that the ice was warm because warm cannot get from ice.
It is not possible that two cats are working on their yard because cats cannot do yard work.
It is not possible that two cats are working on their yard because cats can not do yard work
It is not possible that two cats are working on their yard because cats cannot perform yardwork.
It is not possible that she put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher because dirty laundry goes in the washing machine, not the dishwasher.
It is not possible that she put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher because dirty laundry does not belong in a dishwasher.
It is not possible that she put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher because dishes go in the dishwasher.
It is not possible that leopards have stripes because leopards have spots.
It is not possible that leopards have stripes because leopards have spots.
It is not possible that leopards have stripes because leopards are large cats with spots.
It is not possible that my sister ate blue egg yolk because egg yolks are yellow or orange
It is not possible that my sister ate blue egg yolk because egg yolks are not blue.
It is not possible that my sister ate blue egg yolk because egg yolks are yellow, not blue
It is not possible that he puts the ice cream into the oven because no one wants to eat molten ice cream.
It is not possible that he puts the ice cream into the oven because oven is a place not to put the ice cream.
It is not possible that he puts the ice cream into the oven because ice cream would melt in the oven.
It is not possible that the team read the game because a game cannot be read
It is not possible that the team read the game because game cannot be read.
It is not possible that the team read the game because games are not read, they are played
It is not possible that he washed the dirt because dirt is what is washed off of a car.
It is not possible that he washed the dirt because dirt itself can't be cleaned.
It is not possible that he washed the dirt because the dirt cannot be washed.
It is not possible that i enjoy eating staples because you cannot digest staples.
It is not possible that i enjoy eating staples because staples are for staplers
It is not possible that i enjoy eating staples because staples are not food.
It is not possible that there are seven days in a snake because a snake is not a unit of time.
It is not possible that there are seven days in a snake because a snake is an object, a day is a concept.
It is not possible that there are seven days in a snake because a snake is a reptile.
It is not possible that you can find food in the hardware store because food is normally found in supermarkets
It is not possible that you can find food in the hardware store because the hardware store is for tools
It is not possible that you can find food in the hardware store because food is purchased in the grocery store.
It is not possible that he was jailed for six months for sleeping because everybody in the world sleeps and the whole wolrd cannot be jailed for sleeping.
It is not possible that he was jailed for six months for sleeping because sleeping is not something to be jailed for six months.
It is not possible that he was jailed for six months for sleeping because sleeping is not an offence.
It is not possible that a dog drank cold ice because you cannot drink ice as it is a solid
It is not possible that a dog drank cold ice because a dog will not eat a cold ice.
It is not possible that a dog drank cold ice because ice is not a liquid and cannot be consumed by drinking
It is not possible that every morning i go for a walk at the moon because i don't have a spaceship to go for a walk at the moon.
It is not possible that every morning i go for a walk at the moon because the moon is in outer space.
It is not possible that every morning i go for a walk at the moon because you can't travel to the moon every morning.
It is not possible that you cut your hair with a hairbrush because the hairbrush has no sharp edges to cut your hair
It is not possible that you cut your hair with a hairbrush because hairbrushes cannot cut anything.
It is not possible that you cut your hair with a hairbrush because a hairbrush is not used for hair cutting.
It is not possible that we were ready now because now cannot exist in the past tense.
It is not possible that we were ready now because were is in the past and not the present.
It is not possible that we were ready now because were is past tense, now is present tense.
It is not possible that he wrapped a house with gift wrapper because house is too big to be wrapped with paper
It is not possible that he wrapped a house with gift wrapper because houses don't get gift wrapped.
It is not possible that he wrapped a house with gift wrapper because a house is so big that it cannot be wrapped with a gift wrapper.
It is not possible that jim rides his butter to the store because butter is not something you can ride.
It is not possible that jim rides his butter to the store because butter is not used to ride to the store.
It is not possible that jim rides his butter to the store because butter is a food and not a means of transportation.
It is not possible that the doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain because opiates are very efficient pain relievers and do not incite more pain physiologically than before.
It is not possible that the doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain because opiates deaden the pain receptors.
It is not possible that the doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain because the work of a doctor is to cure pain.
It is not possible that journalists publish articles in the bible because you cannot publish articles in the bible.
It is not possible that journalists publish articles in the bible because the bible was written thousands of years ago.
It is not possible that journalists publish articles in the bible because journalists can not publish articles in the bible.
It is not possible that he wear stones every day because stones are not wearable
It is not possible that he wear stones every day because stones are not clothes and would slide off the body.
It is not possible that he wear stones every day because stones are not clothing.
It is not possible that he deposited a sword at the atm because a sword wont fit in an atm.
It is not possible that he deposited a sword at the atm because a sword is too large to deposit.
It is not possible that he deposited a sword at the atm because sword cannot be deposited in the atm.
It is not possible that dogs are similar to wolves in being pets because wolves are wild and not usually kept as pets.
It is not possible that dogs are similar to wolves in being pets because wolves are not pets
It is not possible that dogs are similar to wolves in being pets because wolves are wild animals and potentially dangerous to humans.
It is not possible that a pie can force a nail into a board because a pie is not solid and hard enough to force a nail into a board
It is not possible that a pie can force a nail into a board because a pie is a dessert and therefore cannot force a nail
It is not possible that a pie can force a nail into a board because a pie is soft.
It is not possible that he walked the shark because sharks are not kept as pets.
It is not possible that he walked the shark because sharks do not have limbs to be used on land
It is not possible that he walked the shark because sharks can't walk.
It is not possible that butter is deadly in cooking because butter is a common ingredient in food.
It is not possible that butter is deadly in cooking because dead doesn't happen to butter
It is not possible that butter is deadly in cooking because butter is an oil and is cannot kill.
It is not possible that i go to the museum to see my family because people do not live in museums
It is not possible that i go to the museum to see my family because museums have artifacts, not families.
It is not possible that i go to the museum to see my family because a museum is not typically a place family congregates
It is not possible that green light means to stop because green light means to go
It is not possible that green light means to stop because green lights mean go.
It is not possible that green light means to stop because green lights are symbols for "go" in the western world
It is not possible that eating lots of french fries is good for you because french fries are unhealthy as they are rich with calories, fats and carbohydrates, but not with fiber, vitamins or minerals.
It is not possible that eating lots of french fries is good for you because french fries have a lot of fat and salt.
It is not possible that eating lots of french fries is good for you because french fries are unhealthy.
It is not possible that she learned to eat in ballet class because you learn to dance in a ballet class not to eat.
It is not possible that she learned to eat in ballet class because you dance in ballet class.
It is not possible that she learned to eat in ballet class because ballet class for learn dance
It is not possible that people like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits because mayonnaise is a condiment, therefore no one would soak in it.
It is not possible that people like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits because mayonnaise is meant to be eaten.
It is not possible that people like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits because mayonnaise is a condiment for sandwiches.
It is not possible that something you will find in a living room is a gate because a gate is installed outside of a house
It is not possible that something you will find in a living room is a gate because gates are for outdoor use
It is not possible that something you will find in a living room is a gate because gate placed in outside of the home
It is not possible that she took the lion for a walk because lion's are wild animals and cannot be walked
It is not possible that she took the lion for a walk because a lion is way to big to walk
It is not possible that she took the lion for a walk because a lion is not a pet animal to be taken for a walk.
It is not possible that the idea was down the street from his house because ideas are not concrete objects
It is not possible that the idea was down the street from his house because an idea cannot be physically located
It is not possible that the idea was down the street from his house because ideas are not physical things
It is not possible that he saw snake and took pictures with his comb because comb is used to dress the hair
It is not possible that he saw snake and took pictures with his comb because combs are used to comb hair
It is not possible that he saw snake and took pictures with his comb because combs do not capture photos.
It is not possible that people drink coffee to fall in sleep faster because coffees contains caffeine which speed up the blood flow and increase energy levels.
It is not possible that people drink coffee to fall in sleep faster because coffee has caffeine which prevents sleep.
It is not possible that people drink coffee to fall in sleep faster because coffee is a stimulant so people do not drink it to sleep.
It is not possible that she will be going to the movie hall to return the books because we can only watch movies in a movie hall and not reading books.
It is not possible that she will be going to the movie hall to return the books because movie halls do not check out books to people.
It is not possible that she will be going to the movie hall to return the books because movie halls do not house books
It is not possible that he pickled the plate because plates are inedible and thus incapable of pickling.
It is not possible that he pickled the plate because a plate is not something that gets pickled.
It is not possible that he pickled the plate because inanimate objects cannot be pickled
It is not possible that a person wants useless hints because no body wants hints that means nothing.
It is not possible that a person wants useless hints because useless hints would be pointless and not wanted for
It is not possible that a person wants useless hints because hints should be useful
It is not possible that the shelf fits on the book because a shelf doesn't belong on a book.
It is not possible that the shelf fits on the book because the shelf is too big to fit on the book
It is not possible that the shelf fits on the book because a shelf is too big to fit on a book.
It is not possible that a tow truck tows toes because toes are a body part.
It is not possible that a tow truck tows toes because a tow truck doesn't tow toes.
It is not possible that a tow truck tows toes because toes are so small that a tow truck does them no good.
It is not possible that you must invest in stock if you want to retire at all because retiring and being financially secure does not require investing in a stock portfolio solely.
It is not possible that you must invest in stock if you want to retire at all because invest in stock is not necessary for retire.
It is not possible that you must invest in stock if you want to retire at all because retire not need to invest
It is not possible that people use electricity to buy things because it is impossible to buy things with electricity
It is not possible that people use electricity to buy things because electricity is not a form of currency
It is not possible that people use electricity to buy things because electricity is a current, we can't use to buy things.
It is not possible that he poured a plate of water from the sink because a plate wouldn't hold water and would be difficult to drink from.
It is not possible that he poured a plate of water from the sink because plates are not used to hold water
It is not possible that he poured a plate of water from the sink because water can not be poured back from the sink.
It is not possible that he put some petrol to put out the fire because petrol is inflammable and it will boost the fire
It is not possible that he put some petrol to put out the fire because petrol is gasoline and would increase the fire, not put it out.
It is not possible that he put some petrol to put out the fire because petrol can not be used to put out the fire.
It is not possible that during the day, the ocean is usually yellow because the ocean is usually blue because it reflects the sky.
It is not possible that during the day, the ocean is usually yellow because the  ocean does not usually change yellow.
It is not possible that during the day, the ocean is usually yellow because the ocean is filled with water, which is not yellow.
It is not possible that i picked the flowers in the library because flowers grow outside.
It is not possible that i picked the flowers in the library because flowers are grown outdoors
It is not possible that i picked the flowers in the library because library only has a books
It is not possible that i sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night because you cannot sleep on a stove that is made for cooking
It is not possible that i sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night because a stove is too small to sleep on.
It is not possible that i sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night because stoves can not be slept on.
It is not possible that little girls are too small to eat a bike because nobody can eat a bike
It is not possible that little girls are too small to eat a bike because a bike is not food and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that little girls are too small to eat a bike because we can't eat a bike because it is a object not eatable items.
It is not possible that dolphins breathe cheese because cheese is solid and cannot be inhaled.
It is not possible that dolphins breathe cheese because cheese is a delicious food.
It is not possible that dolphins breathe cheese because dolphins are not able to breathe cheese.
It is not possible that phone calls can be made with loud speakers because loudspeakers don't have a cellular connection.
It is not possible that phone calls can be made with loud speakers because loud speakers are not able to be used as telephones.
It is not possible that phone calls can be made with loud speakers because loud speakers are not good for phone calls
It is not possible that sleeping can be considered exercise because it takes no energy to sleep.
It is not possible that sleeping can be considered exercise because sleeping isn't exercise
It is not possible that sleeping can be considered exercise because the body is at rest while sleeping and cannot exercise.
It is not possible that cheese is formed through dry curing because dry curing is used for cold cuts, not cheese.
It is not possible that cheese is formed through dry curing because dry curing is not used to form cheese.
It is not possible that cheese is formed through dry curing because pepperoni is made through dry curing
It is not possible that he made pizza with the mixer because mixer cannot make solid food
It is not possible that he made pizza with the mixer because mixers cannot be used to make pizza.
It is not possible that he made pizza with the mixer because a mixer is not necessary to make a pizza.
It is not possible that she lived in a shoe because a shoe is not a living space such as a house.
It is not possible that she lived in a shoe because shoes are too small for people to live in.
It is not possible that she lived in a shoe because shoes are for your feet.
It is not possible that snake is a pet animal because snake is highly dangerous animal, bite can cause death
It is not possible that snake is a pet animal because snakes can be dangerous.
It is not possible that snake is a pet animal because snakes live in the wild.
It is not possible that he put the shoe on his head because a shoe does not go on your head
It is not possible that he put the shoe on his head because shoes do not belong on heads.
It is not possible that he put the shoe on his head because shoes go on your feet, not head.
It is not possible that surprising someone can requires a bird because there is no logical link between surprise and a bird
It is not possible that surprising someone can requires a bird because a bird is an animal and is not necessary for surprising someone.
It is not possible that surprising someone can requires a bird because surprising is a unexpected event
It is not possible that there are twenty months in a year because in a year there are only twelve months not twenty
It is not possible that there are twenty months in a year because a year has does not have twenty months.
It is not possible that there are twenty months in a year because there are no other months besides january february march april may june july august september october november and december
It is not possible that he took a picture with his calculator because calculator is a mathematical device and cannot take picture
It is not possible that he took a picture with his calculator because one cannot take picture with calculator.
It is not possible that he took a picture with his calculator because the calculator cant take pictures
It is not possible that he put shoes on the ceiling because shoes can not be put on the ceiling
It is not possible that he put shoes on the ceiling because shoes cannot sit on the ceiling
It is not possible that he put shoes on the ceiling because shoes do not belong on the ceiling.
It is not possible that she cut up a blanket because blankets should stay whole.
It is not possible that she cut up a blanket because blankets should not be cut apart.
It is not possible that she cut up a blanket because blankets are to cover up with, they are not food.
It is not possible that the little girl ate a computer because computers are not edible.
It is not possible that the little girl ate a computer because computers are not food.
It is not possible that the little girl ate a computer because computer cannot ate by the little girl.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess because chess is a board game that admits only one loser and one winner
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess because chess is a game and you cannot become it.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess because playing a game can never result in becoming the game.
It is not possible that her mother made uranium for dinner because no one can eat uranium.
It is not possible that her mother made uranium for dinner because uranium is toxic.
It is not possible that her mother made uranium for dinner because uranium is a dangerous radioactive element.
It is not possible that she ate the glass of wine for her dinner because people don't eat glass for dinner or any other daily meals.
It is not possible that she ate the glass of wine for her dinner because glass of wine cannot be ate by her for dinner.
It is not possible that she ate the glass of wine for her dinner because you do not typically eat glass
It is not possible that she opened her christmas pillow because pillows are not opened.
It is not possible that she opened her christmas pillow because pillow not a openable thing
It is not possible that she opened her christmas pillow because a pillow is not able to be opened.
It is not possible that the worker ate the screw because screws are not edible
It is not possible that the worker ate the screw because screw cannot ate by the worker.
It is not possible that the worker ate the screw because people don't eat screws
It is not possible that i am going to eat this chair because chairs are not edible.
It is not possible that i am going to eat this chair because you can't eat chairs.
It is not possible that i am going to eat this chair because chairs are for sitting.
It is not possible that when your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store because hardware stores don't sell gasoline.
It is not possible that when your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store because you buy tools at the hardware store.
It is not possible that when your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store because hardware store does not sells gas for car
It is not possible that mosquitoes often steal camper's food because mosquitoes do not eat the same food as people
It is not possible that mosquitoes often steal camper's food because mosquitoes don't eat the same food as campers
It is not possible that mosquitoes often steal camper's food because mosquitoes eat people
It is not possible that he types using a piano because keyboard is a computer accessory used to type, while piano is a musical instrument.
It is not possible that he types using a piano because pianos do not have the kind of keys for typing.
It is not possible that he types using a piano because a piano is played like an instrument.
It is not possible that a hamster can power a remote because a hamster is an animal
It is not possible that a hamster can power a remote because hamster not used for remote
It is not possible that a hamster can power a remote because a hamster is not a power source
It is not possible that he wrote on a paper with a rubber because a rubber doesn't make a mark.
It is not possible that he wrote on a paper with a rubber because rubber cannot be used to write.
It is not possible that he wrote on a paper with a rubber because condoms don't have ink, so you can't write with it
It is not possible that i hung the curtain in the closet because a curtain keeps the light out in the window.
It is not possible that i hung the curtain in the closet because curtains aren't usually hung inside of a closet.
It is not possible that i hung the curtain in the closet because curtains perform no function in a closet.
It is not possible that she went for a drive in a pool because a car cannot drive in a pool.
It is not possible that she went for a drive in a pool because driving is done on land.
It is not possible that she went for a drive in a pool because vehicles are too big for pools, and they also not used in bodies of water
It is not possible that the dead live inside cemeteries because the dead are not alive.
It is not possible that the dead live inside cemeteries because the dead cannot be alive.
It is not possible that the dead live inside cemeteries because the dead cannot live because they are not alive.
It is not possible that i had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding because goldfish don't have fur.
It is not possible that i had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding because vacuums are electric and do not function in water
It is not possible that i had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding because goldfish do not shed anything outside of their tank
It is not possible that sometimes goldfish cheat on tests because goldfish do not take tests
It is not possible that sometimes goldfish cheat on tests because goldfish do not cheat test.
It is not possible that sometimes goldfish cheat on tests because goldfish don't take tests.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle because putting clothes in a puddle would make them dirtier.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle because you don't make clean clothes dirty.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle because the first thing you do when doing laundry is not to throw it in  to the a puddle.
It is not possible that i went to the mall for a hike because there is no wilderness at the mall.
It is not possible that i went to the mall for a hike because a mall is not a place to go hiking.
It is not possible that i went to the mall for a hike because the mall is for shopping.
It is not possible that she blew her  nose with a mouse because mice cannot be used to blow noses
It is not possible that she blew her  nose with a mouse because you can't blow your nose with an animal
It is not possible that she blew her  nose with a mouse because a mouse is not used for blowing the nose.
It is not possible that i wore eggs because eggs are not clothing.
It is not possible that i wore eggs because you eat eggs
It is not possible that i wore eggs because eggs are not clothing.
It is not possible that sarah put cats in the fridge because cat's cannot breath in the fridge.
It is not possible that sarah put cats in the fridge because cats do not belong in the fridge but only food and drinks belong in the fridge to avoid from spoiling.
It is not possible that sarah put cats in the fridge because a cat cannot survive in a fridge.
It is not possible that you are likely to find sugar in ocean water because the ocean water only has salt dissolved in it.
It is not possible that you are likely to find sugar in ocean water because there is no path for sugar to make it into the ocean.
It is not possible that you are likely to find sugar in ocean water because ocean water does not have sugar.
It is not possible that drinking cement increases your lifespan because drinking cement would kill you.
It is not possible that drinking cement increases your lifespan because cement is poisonous for humans.
It is not possible that drinking cement increases your lifespan because cement is a building material unsafe for consumption.
It is not possible that a violin is used for making pizza because you don't need a violin to make pizza
It is not possible that a violin is used for making pizza because a violin cannot do any of the steps of making pizza.
It is not possible that a violin is used for making pizza because a violin is not a method for preparing pizza.
It is not possible that lee swam in butter because no one swims in butter.
It is not possible that lee swam in butter because you cannot swim in butter.
It is not possible that lee swam in butter because butter is often solid, humans cannot swim in butter.
It is not possible that she uses a bike to cross the river because bikes does not float on rivers
It is not possible that she uses a bike to cross the river because bike cannot used to cross the river.
It is not possible that she uses a bike to cross the river because bike is not something to cross the river.
It is not possible that he flew his car onto the highway because cars cannot fly
It is not possible that he flew his car onto the highway because cars don't have wings
It is not possible that he flew his car onto the highway because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that he put his bicycle in his back pack because a bicycle cannot fit into a back pack
It is not possible that he put his bicycle in his back pack because a bicycle is too large for a back pack.
It is not possible that he put his bicycle in his back pack because bicycles are too big to fit into back packs.
It is not possible that she put a desk in the oven because a desk can not fit in a oven.
It is not possible that she put a desk in the oven because there is no reason to cook a desk.
It is not possible that she put a desk in the oven because a desk is not a food item and is larger than an oven.
It is not possible that she drinks a cup of bricks because bricks are solid not liquid and so cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that she drinks a cup of bricks because bricks are not made of liquid
It is not possible that she drinks a cup of bricks because you build with bricks
It is not possible that the girl walked her boat because a boat does not have legs.
It is not possible that the girl walked her boat because boats aren't animals and don't need to be walked.
It is not possible that the girl walked her boat because a boat is not an animal and cannot be walked.
It is not possible that natural roses have crystals because natural roses do not make crystals
It is not possible that natural roses have crystals because crystals do not grow on flowers or plants.
It is not possible that natural roses have crystals because roses are flowers and thus no crystals.
It is not possible that i use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet because a sword is narrow and isn't designed to stop rain from hitting humans.
It is not possible that i use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet because sword is a weapon
It is not possible that i use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet because swords are used in battles.
It is not possible that humans live in water because humans cannot breathe inside water like fishes.
It is not possible that humans live in water because humans cannot breathe underwater.
It is not possible that humans live in water because humans live on land.
It is not possible that he put some icebergs in the laundry machine because an iceberg cannot fit into a laundry machine.
It is not possible that he put some icebergs in the laundry machine because laundry machine for wash cloth
It is not possible that he put some icebergs in the laundry machine because an iceberg would not fit in a laundry machine. also there is no reason to put an iceberg in a laundry machine.
It is not possible that there were many pages in the flyer because a flyer is made up of one page.
It is not possible that there were many pages in the flyer because only books will have the pages.
It is not possible that there were many pages in the flyer because flyer does not have many pages.
It is not possible that driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes, fittings, and other apparatus of water supply because driver is a person who drives an automobile
It is not possible that driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes, fittings, and other apparatus of water supply because a driver does not repair pipes or water supplies, he drives a vehicle.
It is not possible that driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes, fittings, and other apparatus of water supply because a driver is someone who drives a car.
It is not possible that you can touch the stars because the stars are too far away to touch
It is not possible that you can touch the stars because stars can not be touch.
It is not possible that you can touch the stars because the stars are too far away.
It is not possible that the cat's tail was used to turn on the tv because a cat's tail does not have the ability to turn on the tv.
It is not possible that the cat's tail was used to turn on the tv because a cat's tail belongs to a living creature.
It is not possible that the cat's tail was used to turn on the tv because the tail does not used to turn on the tv.
It is not possible that the nurse made her rounds in the school because nurses work in a hospital.
It is not possible that the nurse made her rounds in the school because a nurse works in a hospital
It is not possible that the nurse made her rounds in the school because school is a place where the nurse does not made her rounds.
It is not possible that taking my tiger for a walk because a tiger is a wild and dangerous animal
It is not possible that taking my tiger for a walk because a tiger is not a pet.
It is not possible that taking my tiger for a walk because tiger cannot used for a walk.
It is not possible that the monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground because a monkey is too small to pull a huge oak tree out of the ground.
It is not possible that the monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground because monkey only jump tree to tree
It is not possible that the monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground because a monkey is not strong enough to pull a tree from the ground.
It is not possible that ham makes music because ham is not an instrument.
It is not possible that ham makes music because ham isn't a musical instrument.
It is not possible that ham makes music because ham is not a musical instrument.
It is not possible that she wrote a poem with a hammer because hammers don't have ink
It is not possible that she wrote a poem with a hammer because hammers do not have any ink/lead in them that could be used to transcribe
It is not possible that she wrote a poem with a hammer because hammers are for nailing things down
It is not possible that he put clothes in the dishwasher because clothes can only get clean in a washing machine, while dishes must be washed in a dishwasher
It is not possible that he put clothes in the dishwasher because you put clothes in the washer
It is not possible that he put clothes in the dishwasher because dishwasher is not a place to put the clothes.
It is not possible that she put a cup in the toaster because a cup does not fit in the toaster
It is not possible that she put a cup in the toaster because a cup cannot fit in a toaster.
It is not possible that she put a cup in the toaster because a cup would not fit in the toaster.
It is not possible that my cat is immortal because my cat is not immortal, thats not possible.
It is not possible that my cat is immortal because cats all die at some point.
It is not possible that my cat is immortal because a cat is an animal and is not immortal.
It is not possible that a baseball bat can be made of jello because jello is not strong enough to be used as a bat.
It is not possible that a baseball bat can be made of jello because jello is a soft food and cannot be a bat.
It is not possible that a baseball bat can be made of jello because jello is food not building materials
It is not possible that there are giraffes in the wardrobe because there's not possible to store giraffes in a wardrobe
It is not possible that there are giraffes in the wardrobe because a giraffe is a wild animal that does not live in a house, and is too large to fit in a wardrobe.
It is not possible that there are giraffes in the wardrobe because giraffes are in the wild or the zoo
It is not possible that motor oil is good on salads because motor oil is toxic and not for consumption.
It is not possible that motor oil is good on salads because motor oil is not a salad topping.
It is not possible that motor oil is good on salads because motor oil is inedible.
It is not possible that the chair was very spicy because chairs are not eaten
It is not possible that the chair was very spicy because the chair has not any taste
It is not possible that the chair was very spicy because a chair is not an edible thing
It is not possible that the sword was in the kitchen drawer because a sword is too big for a kitchen drawer.
It is not possible that the sword was in the kitchen drawer because kitchen drawers are not large enough for a sword
It is not possible that the sword was in the kitchen drawer because swords don't fit in kitchen drawers.
It is not possible that when you hear a joke you will cry because usually jokes make people laugh
It is not possible that when you hear a joke you will cry because when you hear sad news you cry
It is not possible that when you hear a joke you will cry because jokes make you smile.
It is not possible that a mop cleans the atmosphere because mops do not take anything from the air.
It is not possible that a mop cleans the atmosphere because atmosphere cannot cleaned by the mop.
It is not possible that a mop cleans the atmosphere because a mop is not able to clean the atmosphere.
It is not possible that she played music on the plant because plants cannot be played because they are not musical instruments.
It is not possible that she played music on the plant because plants are not musical instruments and you can't play music with one.
It is not possible that she played music on the plant because a plant is not used for making music.
It is not possible that people sell candles at birthdays because people buy rather than sell candles for birthdays.
It is not possible that people sell candles at birthdays because people get gifts at their birthdays.
It is not possible that people sell candles at birthdays because people do not sell anything at birthdays.
It is not possible that alice fell up the rabbit hole because the act of falling can only be down.
It is not possible that alice fell up the rabbit hole because it's not possible for someone to fall up.
It is not possible that alice fell up the rabbit hole because a hole is always down, so she cannot fall up.
It is not possible that you can build a new shed on your head because a head is not large enough to hold a shed.
It is not possible that you can build a new shed on your head because you would die from the weight if you did.
It is not possible that you can build a new shed on your head because we can't build a shed in our head because it is a part of our body.
It is not possible that you can get your phd in a kindergarten because kindergarten is for very young kids
It is not possible that you can get your phd in a kindergarten because you can't get a phd in kindergarten
It is not possible that you can get your phd in a kindergarten because phds are college degrees.
It is not possible that she poured herself a glass of bologna because bologna is a solid, it cannot be poured like water
It is not possible that she poured herself a glass of bologna because bologna is not a liquid
It is not possible that she poured herself a glass of bologna because bologna is not a liquid
It is not possible that a car is required to travel into space because a rocket can travel fast enough to escape the earth's gravity
It is not possible that a car is required to travel into space because cars drive down roads.
It is not possible that a car is required to travel into space because cars do not go to space.
It is not possible that if it rains, everyone gets milk because rains doesn't bring milk, it brings water
It is not possible that if it rains, everyone gets milk because milk doesn't fall from the sky when it rains.
It is not possible that if it rains, everyone gets milk because milk comes from cows not the sky
It is not possible that loud sound can give our ears superpowers because superpowers are not real.
It is not possible that loud sound can give our ears superpowers because loud sound can cause permanent damage.
It is not possible that loud sound can give our ears superpowers because superpowers are not real.
It is not possible that he flew out different things in his notebook because you cannot fly out things in a notebook.
It is not possible that he flew out different things in his notebook because his notebook is something that can not flew out.
It is not possible that he flew out different things in his notebook because you cant fly a notebook
It is not possible that he is a legal citizen after entering the united states illegally because you can not be a legal citizen of a country if you entered that country illegally to begin with.
It is not possible that he is a legal citizen after entering the united states illegally because if you enter the united states illegally you are not a legal citizen
It is not possible that he is a legal citizen after entering the united states illegally because entering a country illegally does not confer citizenship.
It is not possible that sometimes getting a job causes vomiting because there is no logical link between getting a job and throwing up
It is not possible that sometimes getting a job causes vomiting because vomiting is caused by being sick.
It is not possible that sometimes getting a job causes vomiting because vomiting is not caused by getting a job.
It is not possible that a baseball bat hits a baseball glove because the glove is to catch the ball after it is hit.
It is not possible that a baseball bat hits a baseball glove because a baseball bat hits the baseball.
It is not possible that a baseball bat hits a baseball glove because a baseball glove is used to catch baseballs.
It is not possible that i ordered a stereo at the restaurant because restaurants don't serve electronics.
It is not possible that i ordered a stereo at the restaurant because you order food at a restaurant, not stereos
It is not possible that i ordered a stereo at the restaurant because there is food served at restaurants.
It is not possible that dice are shaped like spheres because dice are shaped like cubes.
It is not possible that dice are shaped like spheres because dice are cubes.
It is not possible that dice are shaped like spheres because dice are cube shaped
It is not possible that in order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread because a loaf of bread does not complete task.
It is not possible that in order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread because loaves of bread do not speak and have no way of communicating the correct way to do something.
It is not possible that in order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread because you use a loaf of bread to make sandwiches
It is not possible that she opened both her eyes to go to sleep because you open your eyes to wake up from sleep.
It is not possible that she opened both her eyes to go to sleep because you must sleep with your eyes closed.
It is not possible that she opened both her eyes to go to sleep because you cannot sleep with your eyes open.
It is not possible that he ate juice with fork because juice cannot be taken with fork
It is not possible that he ate juice with fork because juice is a liquid.
It is not possible that he ate juice with fork because you can't consume liquids with a fork.
It is not possible that spiders rode their bicycles to the river because spiders are too small to ride bicycles.
It is not possible that spiders rode their bicycles to the river because bicycles are too big for spiders to ride.
It is not possible that spiders rode their bicycles to the river because spiders are not able to ride bicycles.
It is not possible that he went to a restaurant to play tennis because a restaurant does not have a tennis court.
It is not possible that he went to a restaurant to play tennis because you don't play tennis at a restaurant.
It is not possible that he went to a restaurant to play tennis because tennis is not something commonly played in a restaurant.
It is not possible that i put my pocket in my keys because the pocket does not fit in the keys
It is not possible that i put my pocket in my keys because keys are not able to hold a pocket.
It is not possible that i put my pocket in my keys because keys are not big enough to have pockets
It is not possible that the average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches because weight is not determined in inches.
It is not possible that the average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches because inches are a measurement of shape, not weight.
It is not possible that the average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches because inches cannot be used to calculate the average weight of a newborn baby.
It is not possible that she stopped for beer at the local coffee shop because coffee shops don't sell beer
It is not possible that she stopped for beer at the local coffee shop because coffee shops do not sell beer.
It is not possible that she stopped for beer at the local coffee shop because coffee shops usually don't sell beer.
It is not possible that i need to buy planets because people can't buy a planet
It is not possible that i need to buy planets because planets cannot be bought and sold.
It is not possible that i need to buy planets because i not need to buy plantes
It is not possible that drugs are good for kids because consuming drugs are very dangerous
It is not possible that drugs are good for kids because drugs are harmful for everybody.
It is not possible that drugs are good for kids because drugs are harmful to children.
It is not possible that a sloth can move fast because sloths are notoriously slow.
It is not possible that a sloth can move fast because sloths are slow and cannot move fast.
It is not possible that a sloth can move fast because a sloth moves slow.
It is not possible that he fell up the stairs because falling happens because gravity pulls people/objects down.
It is not possible that he fell up the stairs because one falls down stairs due to gravity.
It is not possible that he fell up the stairs because gravity disallows falling upwards.
It is not possible that tom ate sand for the breakfast because no one can eat sand.
It is not possible that tom ate sand for the breakfast because sand is not edible
It is not possible that tom ate sand for the breakfast because sand is not a food
It is not possible that the man lived at the bottom of the sea because man cannot live under the sea.
It is not possible that the man lived at the bottom of the sea because people cannot live in a body of water where there is no breathable oxygen
It is not possible that the man lived at the bottom of the sea because bottom of the sea is a place where a man cannot live.
It is not possible that democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken because democracy can not be food.
It is not possible that democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken because democracy not a recipe
It is not possible that democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken because democracy is a political ideology.
It is not possible that a human is taller than a giraffe because because a giraffe is significantly taller than a human
It is not possible that a human is taller than a giraffe because giraffes are the tallest land animals
It is not possible that a human is taller than a giraffe because giraffe's are 16 - 20 feet tall.
It is not possible that moisturizers are good for the eyes because moisturizers irritate the eyes
It is not possible that moisturizers are good for the eyes because moisturizers are made to hydrate your skin, but can burn if they get into your eyes.
It is not possible that moisturizers are good for the eyes because moisturizers can cause blindness in the eyes
It is not possible that he goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools because shooting ranges don't sell power tools or other non-firearm related items.
It is not possible that he goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools because the shooting range does not sell power tools
It is not possible that he goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools because can't purchase power tools at a gun shop
It is not possible that a $100 dollar bill is worth the same as $1 bill because although they are both identically sized pieces of paper a $100 bill still has more monetary value.
It is not possible that a $100 dollar bill is worth the same as $1 bill because $1 bill is more worth than a $100 dollar bill.
It is not possible that a $100 dollar bill is worth the same as $1 bill because a hundred $1 dollar bills is the same as a single $100 dollar bill.
It is not possible that he opened a can and started to read because cans are food material and aren't meant to be read
It is not possible that he opened a can and started to read because there is no writing inside of a can.
It is not possible that he opened a can and started to read because there is nothing to read in an open can.
It is not possible that she drove the cat to the store because cats are animals and cars are vehicles
It is not possible that she drove the cat to the store because you cannot drive a cat.
It is not possible that she drove the cat to the store because cats cannot be driven.
It is not possible that the shark is in the bedroom because sharks can't live out of water.
It is not possible that the shark is in the bedroom because sharks cannot survive in a bedroom.
It is not possible that the shark is in the bedroom because sharks do not appear on land or bedrooms.
It is not possible that he puts his shark in the car because a shark will not fit in the car
It is not possible that he puts his shark in the car because car is place not to put his shark.
It is not possible that he puts his shark in the car because a shark will not fit in a car.
It is not possible that an apple has fuzz because an apple does not grow fuzz like a peach does.
It is not possible that an apple has fuzz because an apple has a smooth skin.
It is not possible that an apple has fuzz because an apple is a fruit.
It is not possible that the sunscreen protects me from the rain because the sunscreen only protects radiation
It is not possible that the sunscreen protects me from the rain because umbrellas protect from rain.
It is not possible that the sunscreen protects me from the rain because sunscreen is for the sun, not the rain.
It is not possible that people use bats to play basketball because basketball isn't played with bats, just with basketballs.
It is not possible that people use bats to play basketball because basketball is played with hands only.
It is not possible that people use bats to play basketball because the game of basketball does not use bats.
It is not possible that he eats food with his nose because nose is for breathing
It is not possible that he eats food with his nose because noses are able to smell scents.
It is not possible that he eats food with his nose because nose is not something that you eat food with.
It is not possible that people use dirt to shower because using dirt to shower would eliminate the purpose of showering.
It is not possible that people use dirt to shower because dirt make more dirty
It is not possible that people use dirt to shower because showers are used to get rid of dirt.
It is not possible that jeanine has a frequent upset car-her body is in shambles because cars aren't organs.
It is not possible that jeanine has a frequent upset car-her body is in shambles because car trouble does not equal a physical problem.
It is not possible that jeanine has a frequent upset car-her body is in shambles because car in not something that gets upset in jeanine body.
It is not possible that an earth hour is 60 seconds long because actualy an earth minute is 60 seconds long, not a hour
It is not possible that an earth hour is 60 seconds long because 60 seconds is a minute.
It is not possible that an earth hour is 60 seconds long because there is 60 minutes in an hour
It is not possible that i used tape to build the table because tape is not strong enough to hold a table.
It is not possible that i used tape to build the table because tape is not a good building material.
It is not possible that i used tape to build the table because a tape is too soft to build a table.
It is not possible that she knit a hotdog because you cannot knit food.
It is not possible that she knit a hotdog because a hot dog cannot be made through knitting.
It is not possible that she knit a hotdog because you cannot knit a food item
It is not possible that the lake is filled with orange juice because no one has a lake worth of orange juice.
It is not possible that the lake is filled with orange juice because orange juice is sold in the grocery store for people.
It is not possible that the lake is filled with orange juice because orange juice is a manufactured drink.
It is not possible that he rang the lamp because a lamp does not make sound.
It is not possible that he rang the lamp because lamps do not ring, they light up.
It is not possible that he rang the lamp because lamps don't ring you turn them on and off.
It is not possible that he put the dryer into the washing machine because a dryer cannot fit into the washing machine
It is not possible that he put the dryer into the washing machine because a dryer is only for drying clothes
It is not possible that he put the dryer into the washing machine because that would destroy both items
It is not possible that the cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring because cats don't box.
It is not possible that the cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring because the boxing ring does not allow cats
It is not possible that the cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring because cats aren't allowed in boxing rings; boxing rings are not sleeping quarters
It is not possible that the person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it because you cannot lead a project if you do nothing to contribute to it.
It is not possible that the person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it because the person who is in charge of it should lead the project.
It is not possible that the person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it because the person in charge needs to do a lot.
It is not possible that you can find frozen chickens in the closet because a closet cannot freeze chickens
It is not possible that you can find frozen chickens in the closet because food is not kept in the closet
It is not possible that you can find frozen chickens in the closet because frozen chickens belong in freezer
It is not possible that he goes to the library to watch porn because people go to the library to read and check-out books and watch porn in private.
It is not possible that he goes to the library to watch porn because it is forbidden to watch porn in a library.
It is not possible that he goes to the library to watch porn because porn is not something you watch in public
It is not possible that you can buy animals on amazon because amazon is an e-commerce marketplace
It is not possible that you can buy animals on amazon because animals are not sold on amazon.
It is not possible that you can buy animals on amazon because you can buy stuffed animals on amazon.
It is not possible that he paid the bill with business card because business card is not a banking card
It is not possible that he paid the bill with business card because business card cannot used to pay the bill.
It is not possible that he paid the bill with business card because the business card does not used to paid the bill.
It is not possible that he ate the bench because benches aren't edible.
It is not possible that he ate the bench because the bench is not food
It is not possible that he ate the bench because you can't eat a bench.
It is not possible that he touched the moon because it's impossible to touch the moon
It is not possible that he touched the moon because the moon is too far away to be touched.
It is not possible that he touched the moon because the moon is not within reachable distance.
It is not possible that she hit a baseball bat with him because improbable that someone would hit a baseball bat with another human
It is not possible that she hit a baseball bat with him because unless she picked him up and slammed him into a bat that isn't what happened.
It is not possible that she hit a baseball bat with him because you hit a person with a baseball bat, not hit the bat with a person.
It is not possible that he bought elephant and kept in his pocket because elephant is too big to keep in pocket
It is not possible that he bought elephant and kept in his pocket because a elephant cannot fit inside a pocket.
It is not possible that he bought elephant and kept in his pocket because elephant is big animal
It is not possible that he planted tomato seeds in the persian rug because tomato seeds will not grow in a rug
It is not possible that he planted tomato seeds in the persian rug because you do not plant seeds in a rug.
It is not possible that he planted tomato seeds in the persian rug because you plant objects in dirt.
It is not possible that i planted weeds all day because weeds are considered a nuisance.
It is not possible that i planted weeds all day because weeds are waste plants and nobody would plant them
It is not possible that i planted weeds all day because weeds spoils the plants's growth so it can not be planted.
It is not possible that she swallowed the hardware store because a hardware store cannot be swallowed
It is not possible that she swallowed the hardware store because hardware stores are too big to eat
It is not possible that she swallowed the hardware store because we can't swallow the store because is is a shop.
It is not possible that badminton is a funny soap opera because badminton is not a tv program
It is not possible that badminton is a funny soap opera because badminton is a sport not a soap opera.
It is not possible that badminton is a funny soap opera because badminton is a sport
It is not possible that he eats raw meat every day because no one eats raw meat, it is not good for health.
It is not possible that he eats raw meat every day because raw meat can make humans sick.
It is not possible that he eats raw meat every day because raw meat cannot eat by him everyday.
It is not possible that people can build a tower out of water because water doesn't stack.
It is not possible that people can build a tower out of water because you can not build with water its not stackable
It is not possible that people can build a tower out of water because water is a liquid substance which cannot used to build a tower.
It is not possible that you better run if a turtle shows you its horns because turtles don't have horns.
It is not possible that you better run if a turtle shows you its horns because turtles do not have horns, they have shells.
It is not possible that you better run if a turtle shows you its horns because a turtle does not have horns
It is not possible that they have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves because you don't make nuclear weapons to harm yourself or those you want to protect.
It is not possible that they have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves because nuclear weapons are not used on those who build them.
It is not possible that they have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves because nuclear weapons cause mass destruction.
It is not possible that the apple climbed the tree because apples do not move on their own.
It is not possible that the apple climbed the tree because an apple can not climb or move by it's own will.
It is not possible that the apple climbed the tree because apples don't have appendages
It is not possible that she set the tv with plates because you do not put utensils on a tv.
It is not possible that she set the tv with plates because tv cannot set with plates.
It is not possible that she set the tv with plates because the tv is not a table for serving food on.
It is not possible that he tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk because a hippo is too big to trip over.
It is not possible that he tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk because hippos do not typically hang out on sidewalks
It is not possible that he tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk because hippos do not roam free in cities.
It is not possible that i ate breakfast because i was late to work because it takes time to eat breakfast.
It is not possible that i ate breakfast because i was late to work because consuming breakfast requires time which is not available when one is late for work.f
It is not possible that i ate breakfast because i was late to work because if i ate breakfast i was  to late to work
It is not possible that he went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication because gas stations are not licensed to sell medical marijuana.
It is not possible that he went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication because you don't go to a gas station to buy  medicine .
It is not possible that he went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication because medication is not sold at gas stations.
It is not possible that he lit a bed on fire before he went to church because no one wants to lit beds on fire
It is not possible that he lit a bed on fire before he went to church because that is arson
It is not possible that he lit a bed on fire before he went to church because if he lit a bed its burned
It is not possible that the bird signed the contract on the dotted line because a bird doesn't read or write contracts on the dotted line.
It is not possible that the bird signed the contract on the dotted line because birds are unable to write.
It is not possible that the bird signed the contract on the dotted line because birds cant write.
It is not possible that he went out and played golf with his dogs because dogs cannot play golf
It is not possible that he went out and played golf with his dogs because dogs don't play golf.
It is not possible that he went out and played golf with his dogs because dogs do not play golf.
It is not possible that she turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day because a dog is not a machine to turn on nor does it cool you off.
It is not possible that she turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day because dog cannot used to cool off on a warm day.
It is not possible that she turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day because dogs are not something to turn on.
It is not possible that his car drove him to atlanta because he drives his car, a car cannot drive him somewhere
It is not possible that his car drove him to atlanta because cars that can operate by theselves are still in the testing and production phases.
It is not possible that his car drove him to atlanta because car doesn't drive by itself
It is not possible that he brought a zebra to the square dance because a zebra can not dance.
It is not possible that he brought a zebra to the square dance because square dance is a place not to brought a zebra.
It is not possible that he brought a zebra to the square dance because zebras do not know how to dance.
It is not possible that i wore a helmet to protect my knees because a helmet is worn on the head.
It is not possible that i wore a helmet to protect my knees because a helmet is for your head not your knees.
It is not possible that i wore a helmet to protect my knees because knee pads are worn on the knees.
It is not possible that he drove the dog because dogs cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he drove the dog because a dog is an animal and not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he drove the dog because a dog is an animal, not a vehicle.
It is not possible that my neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips because a cheetah lives in the wild
It is not possible that my neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips because you cannot tame a cheetah
It is not possible that my neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips because cheetah will not be a pet because it is a domestic animal.
It is not possible that this morning, a hunter gave birth to a rabbit because hunters cannot give birth to animals including rabbits.
It is not possible that this morning, a hunter gave birth to a rabbit because a hunter cannot give birth to a rabbit because it is a animal.
It is not possible that this morning, a hunter gave birth to a rabbit because people cannot give birth to animals
It is not possible that he had dinosaur wings for dinner because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that he had dinosaur wings for dinner because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that he had dinosaur wings for dinner because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that she takes her swimsuit during rainy days because a swimsuit does not help much during a rainy day
It is not possible that she takes her swimsuit during rainy days because a swimsuit is worn in the summer time
It is not possible that she takes her swimsuit during rainy days because swimsuit is a dress material which cannot be used in rainy days.
It is not possible that a lamp is brighter than the sun because the sun is way bigger, hotter, and brighter than a lamp.
It is not possible that a lamp is brighter than the sun because no manmade object is brighter than the sun, which is a star
It is not possible that a lamp is brighter than the sun because the sun's light is brighter than anything else in the world
It is not possible that a coin is a form of exchange for time because cannot exchange a currency for time as time cannot be controlled
It is not possible that a coin is a form of exchange for time because a coin has monetary value, not a timepiece.
It is not possible that a coin is a form of exchange for time because a coin is paid for work done during a time, not exchanged for time itself.
It is not possible that all cats chirp because only birds chirp
It is not possible that all cats chirp because cats do not make chirping sounds.
It is not possible that all cats chirp because cats meow.
It is not possible that drinking bleach is good for your health because consuming bleach is very dangerous
It is not possible that drinking bleach is good for your health because bleach is toxic to humans and can be harmful upon ingestion
It is not possible that drinking bleach is good for your health because drinking bleach will actually kill you.
It is not possible that a container cup is for eating ice because a container cup can not hold ice
It is not possible that a container cup is for eating ice because you don't eat ice out of a container cup.
It is not possible that a container cup is for eating ice because ice is a solid and not a liquid.
It is not possible that bread eat people because bread is food
It is not possible that bread eat people because bread is a food.
It is not possible that bread eat people because bread is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that she plays soccer in tennis court because the tennis court is meant for tennis sport.
It is not possible that she plays soccer in tennis court because soccer is played on a field.
It is not possible that she plays soccer in tennis court because soccer is not something that you play in tennis court.
It is not possible that she drank sand because sand is not liquid.
It is not possible that she drank sand because sand cannot be consumed.
It is not possible that she drank sand because sand is not a liquid.
It is not possible that to watch the movie, snap the dvd in half because snapping a dvd would break it so you can't watch the movie.
It is not possible that to watch the movie, snap the dvd in half because you can't watch a dvd that has been snapped in half
It is not possible that to watch the movie, snap the dvd in half because if you snap the dvd in half it's broken and you can't watch it.
It is not possible that my sister talked to a wall because no-one talks to walls
It is not possible that my sister talked to a wall because walls cannot talk.
It is not possible that my sister talked to a wall because the wall cannot hear her.
It is not possible that the thunderstorm is sexy because thunderstorms don't have bodies-there's nothing to sexualize!
It is not possible that the thunderstorm is sexy because a thunderstorm is not a human to be sexy.
It is not possible that the thunderstorm is sexy because thunderstorms are unsexed.
It is not possible that walking burns more calories than running because running is more physically strenuous than walking.
It is not possible that walking burns more calories than running because running burns more calories than walking according to science
It is not possible that walking burns more calories than running because running requires more energy.
It is not possible that harold needs motor oil for his french fries because no one would eat motor oil.
It is not possible that harold needs motor oil for his french fries because motor oil is used in cars and is poisions to humans
It is not possible that harold needs motor oil for his french fries because motor oil is inedible.
It is not possible that jane jumped into space because a human being cannot simply jump into space.
It is not possible that jane jumped into space because space does not have gravity
It is not possible that jane jumped into space because space is hundreds of thousands of miles away and requires a rocketship to get there
It is not possible that a lemon has stripes because lemons are yellow fruits.
It is not possible that a lemon has stripes because a lemon is a solid color.
It is not possible that a lemon has stripes because lemons are solid yellow, not striped.
It is not possible that she felt sick so she went to the lawyer because lawyer cannot prescribe medicines
It is not possible that she felt sick so she went to the lawyer because lawyers are used for legal advice.
It is not possible that she felt sick so she went to the lawyer because lawyer never give treatment for body
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because a car cannot balance with two wheels.
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because a car has only 4 wheels.
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because a car has four wheels.
It is not possible that a went to a shoe to purchase a video game because vendors do no sell products like video games at shoes.
It is not possible that a went to a shoe to purchase a video game because a shoe is a non living thing that cannot sell video games.
It is not possible that a went to a shoe to purchase a video game because a shoe is not a place and you can not go to it.
It is not possible that my friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing because no one drinks oil, its not good for stomach.
It is not possible that my friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing because vegetable oil is used for cooking
It is not possible that my friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing because people do not drink vegetable oil.
It is not possible that he eats books every morning because books are not eatable
It is not possible that he eats books every morning because books are not edible
It is not possible that he eats books every morning because books are not edible
It is not possible that gibraltar is part of the united states because gibraltar is in europe
It is not possible that gibraltar is part of the united states because gibraltar is not in the usa
It is not possible that gibraltar is part of the united states because the united states is far from the u.k.
It is not possible that he ate a car because cars are not edible.
It is not possible that he ate a car because a car is too big to eat and it is not food.
It is not possible that he ate a car because car cannot ate by him.
It is not possible that i saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks because raccoons don't slither.
It is not possible that i saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks because raccoons walk.
It is not possible that i saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks because raccoons do not slither.
It is not possible that eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system because eye is an organ which helps in vision
It is not possible that eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system because an eye is not an organ
It is not possible that eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system because eyes are used for vision
It is not possible that walking on the moon is good for your health because people cannot walk on the moon.
It is not possible that walking on the moon is good for your health because the moon is too far away to walk on.
It is not possible that walking on the moon is good for your health because walking on the moon requires you to be an astronaut
It is not possible that the monkey ate a turkey because monkeys don't eat meat.
It is not possible that the monkey ate a turkey because turkey cannot ate by the monkey.
It is not possible that the monkey ate a turkey because monkeys do not eat turkeys.
It is not possible that a rug can be put on any type of hat because a rug is something you put on the floor and would not be appropriate on top of a hat.
It is not possible that a rug can be put on any type of hat because hat is not used to put the rug on it.
It is not possible that a rug can be put on any type of hat because rugs are not used on hats
It is not possible that he sings in the wall because you can't physically be in a wall to sing.
It is not possible that he sings in the wall because walls are solid.
It is not possible that he sings in the wall because you cannot be in a wall.
It is not possible that he was giving penguin rides at the beach because you cant ride a penguin.
It is not possible that he was giving penguin rides at the beach because you don't ride penguins
It is not possible that he was giving penguin rides at the beach because penguins are much too small for humans to ride.
It is not possible that he supplied steel in a tanker because a tanker carries only liquids
It is not possible that he supplied steel in a tanker because tankers cannot carry steel efficiently.
It is not possible that he supplied steel in a tanker because a tanker holds liquid and steel is a metal.
It is not possible that jane applied llamas on her luscious lips because llamas are animals.
It is not possible that jane applied llamas on her luscious lips because llamas are an animal, not an inanimate object.
It is not possible that jane applied llamas on her luscious lips because llamas are animals, not lipstick.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the streets because dinosaurs ceased to exist a long time ago
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the streets because dinosaurs will not found on the streets.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the streets because dinosaurs are imaginary creatures.
It is not possible that a television is used to cook food because a television can only show pictures it is not capable of cooking.
It is not possible that a television is used to cook food because television does not produce heat to cook food.
It is not possible that a television is used to cook food because a television is for watching a broadcast program.
It is not possible that he is drinking a bottle of bleach because bleach is extremly dangerous and is not a drink.
It is not possible that he is drinking a bottle of bleach because people can die from drinking bleach
It is not possible that he is drinking a bottle of bleach because bleach isn't for drinking and is poisonous.
It is not possible that the woman sat while she walked because sitting is staying still and walking is moving so you can't do both at the same time.
It is not possible that the woman sat while she walked because one cannot sit while walking.
It is not possible that the woman sat while she walked because she cannot sit while walking.
It is not possible that he also put his hand in the shoe to see if it fits because hands don't fit well inside of shoes.
It is not possible that he also put his hand in the shoe to see if it fits because shoe cannot be used to put in his hand.
It is not possible that he also put his hand in the shoe to see if it fits because shoes are for feet, not hands.
It is not possible that he put his feet in the oven, on 350 degrees because he can't cook his feet, on 350 degrees.
It is not possible that he put his feet in the oven, on 350 degrees because oven is a place where we cannot put his feet.
It is not possible that he put his feet in the oven, on 350 degrees because oven is very hot
It is not possible that she unlocked the door with a lighter because a lighter cannot unlock a door.
It is not possible that she unlocked the door with a lighter because door can be unlocked with only key
It is not possible that she unlocked the door with a lighter because a lighter is used to set things on fire, not unlock doors.
It is not possible that she wore a house to school because she can not wear a house.
It is not possible that she wore a house to school because house is not wearable.
It is not possible that she wore a house to school because you don't wear houses
It is not possible that she likes to cook tables because nobody cooks tables.
It is not possible that she likes to cook tables because table is an object she does'nt used for cook
It is not possible that she likes to cook tables because tables are not food and therefore cannot be cooked.
It is not possible that the mouse made a cake for the mice because a mouse eats cheese and feeds it to the mice.
It is not possible that the mouse made a cake for the mice because mouse will not make cake.
It is not possible that the mouse made a cake for the mice because mice can not read a recipe to make a cake and they can not bake.
It is not possible that he walks 100 miles daily to keep fit because 100 miles it too long a distance for one to cover in a day.
It is not possible that he walks 100 miles daily to keep fit because 100 miles are not daily walkable distance
It is not possible that he walks 100 miles daily to keep fit because 100 miles not a walk-able distance
It is not possible that he scrubbed the pie because a pie does not need to be scrubbed.
It is not possible that he scrubbed the pie because you cut a pie.
It is not possible that he scrubbed the pie because pie cannot scrubbed.
It is not possible that the chickens hair is long because chickens do not grow hair.
It is not possible that the chickens hair is long because chickens don't have hair, they have feathers.
It is not possible that the chickens hair is long because chickens have feathers, not hair.
It is not possible that his treadmill exercised on him because a person can get exercise on a treadmill but a treadmill cannot get exercise on a person.
It is not possible that his treadmill exercised on him because a treadmill can't exercise on a person.
It is not possible that his treadmill exercised on him because treadmill is not a coach for him
It is not possible that an umbrella can be used as protection against fire because an umbrella cannot resist a fire
It is not possible that an umbrella can be used as protection against fire because umbrellas are flammable.
It is not possible that an umbrella can be used as protection against fire because umbrella is used for rain not for fire
It is not possible that plants need poison to live because poison is likely to kill the plants
It is not possible that plants need poison to live because plants does not need poison to live.
It is not possible that plants need poison to live because plants need water and soil to live not poison
It is not possible that her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater because you cannot drink a sweater.
It is not possible that her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater because you can't drink clothing
It is not possible that her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater because sweaters are not in liquid form.
It is not possible that my village is in a tree because a village is bigger than a tree
It is not possible that my village is in a tree because tree is a place where there has no village.
It is not possible that my village is in a tree because normally villages are a group of places that people live, not in a tree.
It is not possible that buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake because mud is no eatable and should not use for cooking
It is not possible that buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake because mud does not go in cake.
It is not possible that buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake because mud would not make a very good cake.
It is not possible that the earth orbits around the moon because the earth is much bigger than the moon.
It is not possible that the earth orbits around the moon because the moon orbits around the earth, not the other way around.
It is not possible that the earth orbits around the moon because the moon is not a place where the earth does not orbits.
It is not possible that cows have more than onebaby at a time because cows don't have baby's like humans do.
It is not possible that cows have more than onebaby at a time because cows have only kitten not baby
It is not possible that cows have more than onebaby at a time because cows does not have baby.
It is not possible that he cut a knife with a tomato because a tomato is not sharp enough to cut a knife
It is not possible that he cut a knife with a tomato because you can't cut a knife with food
It is not possible that he cut a knife with a tomato because tomato is not tool for cut anything
It is not possible that the kitten mooed because every animal has a distinct noise it makes and a moo comes from a cow.
It is not possible that the kitten mooed because kittens don't moo
It is not possible that the kitten mooed because a kitten does not moo.
It is not possible that he can eat the trumpet because the trumpet is not good to eat
It is not possible that he can eat the trumpet because trumpet is a instrument
It is not possible that he can eat the trumpet because a trumpet is not food.
It is not possible that the man walked into the bank and ordered lunch because usually people visit bank for financial services
It is not possible that the man walked into the bank and ordered lunch because a bank contains money, not lunch.
It is not possible that the man walked into the bank and ordered lunch because a bank does not have lunch.
It is not possible that a man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses because blood of anyone would not help repair eyeglasses.
It is not possible that a man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses because blood is not a mechanical tool that is used to repair items.
It is not possible that a man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses because blood doesn't have sticking properties and so cannot be used to repair eyeglasses.
It is not possible that he put gas in his coffee because he can't drink gas.
It is not possible that he put gas in his coffee because gas does not belong in coffee
It is not possible that he put gas in his coffee because gas is poisonous if consumed.
It is not possible that violence is used to pay for products and services because using violence is against the law
It is not possible that violence is used to pay for products and services because violence cannot pay for products and services.
It is not possible that violence is used to pay for products and services because only money can be used to pay
It is not possible that bark on trees changes color in the fall because leaves die in the fall which leads to loss of pigment
It is not possible that bark on trees changes color in the fall because bark on trees doesn't change colors.
It is not possible that bark on trees changes color in the fall because bark on trees does not change color with the seasons.
It is not possible that a house has arms because a house does not have arms.
It is not possible that a house has arms because a house has only doors and windows
It is not possible that a house has arms because house does not have arms.
It is not possible that children use leather bags to carry their school supplies because leather bags are delicate and uncomfortable for children
It is not possible that children use leather bags to carry their school supplies because normally children use backpacks to carry their school supplies.
It is not possible that children use leather bags to carry their school supplies because leather bags does not used to carry their school supplies.
It is not possible that james took his son off leash and finished up their evening walk because james son doesn't wear a leash around his neck.
It is not possible that james took his son off leash and finished up their evening walk because james son is not a dog to go with his walk
It is not possible that james took his son off leash and finished up their evening walk because humans aren't supposed to be kept on a leash
It is not possible that i used a hurricane to look up house prices because hurricanes are storms and cannot be used to look up house prices.
It is not possible that i used a hurricane to look up house prices because hurricane never show house price
It is not possible that i used a hurricane to look up house prices because hurricane doesn't show any information
It is not possible that water drank me in the morning because a human drinks the water.water does not drink a human
It is not possible that water drank me in the morning because water can't drink people.
It is not possible that water drank me in the morning because water doesn't drink people
It is not possible that if you want to call a friend, you need a bluray player because bluray players are used to watch movies, not to call other people.
It is not possible that if you want to call a friend, you need a bluray player because you can't call a friend with a prayer.
It is not possible that if you want to call a friend, you need a bluray player because a bluray player cannot be used to make calls.
It is not possible that he wore a lawn mower to church because a suit can be worn and a lawn mower cuts grass.
It is not possible that he wore a lawn mower to church because lawn mower is a machine
It is not possible that he wore a lawn mower to church because lawn mower is not to wore
It is not possible that jessica put the car in the microwave because a car cannot fit into a standard microwave.
It is not possible that jessica put the car in the microwave because cars do not fit in the microwave.
It is not possible that jessica put the car in the microwave because a car can not fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots because giraffes cannot be parked.
It is not possible that different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots because giraffes are in africa and zoos as they are an animal, you do not park them.
It is not possible that different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots because giraffes do not park.
It is not possible that the sun makes you freeze because the sun is too hot to make you freeze
It is not possible that the sun makes you freeze because the sun makes you warmer, not colder
It is not possible that the sun makes you freeze because the sun does not make to freeze.
It is not possible that the boy went to work with his spacial ship because it is not possible to use a spaceship to go to work
It is not possible that the boy went to work with his spacial ship because spacial ship does not used to go to work.
It is not possible that the boy went to work with his spacial ship because the boy went to work with the car
It is not possible that she ate her ballet shoes because she cannot eat ballet shoes
It is not possible that she ate her ballet shoes because shoes are not eatable
It is not possible that she ate her ballet shoes because ballet shoes are made from inedible materials.
It is not possible that a car is used for skiing because cars are not used to ski
It is not possible that a car is used for skiing because skiing cannot done by a car.
It is not possible that a car is used for skiing because cars are for driving.
It is not possible that bridges may be built to connect a wire because usually bridges are built to connect isolating places
It is not possible that bridges may be built to connect a wire because wires are connected through connectors
It is not possible that bridges may be built to connect a wire because bridges is not a electric object
It is not possible that she kicked the soccer ball with her hand because a foot is used to kick soccer balls, not a hand.
It is not possible that she kicked the soccer ball with her hand because kicking is performed with one's feet.
It is not possible that she kicked the soccer ball with her hand because you can not kick a soccer ball with your hand.
It is not possible that i went to france in south america because the county of france doesn't exist in south america.
It is not possible that i went to france in south america because france is not located in south america.
It is not possible that i went to france in south america because france is a place that not situated in south america.
It is not possible that mice hunt birds and cats because mice are not hunters, they are scavengers
It is not possible that mice hunt birds and cats because cats are natural predators of mice and birds.
It is not possible that mice hunt birds and cats because mice don't hunt birds and cats.
It is not possible that you must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television because plumbing has to do with water which has no influence on a television
It is not possible that you must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television because plumbing is for water and not electricity that is needed for a television.
It is not possible that you must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television because the plumbing bill has nothing to do with the television
It is not possible that he wore  his mailbox because a watch can be worn but a mailbox cannot be worn.
It is not possible that he wore  his mailbox because mailbox cannot be wore.
It is not possible that he wore  his mailbox because mailbox is not a wearing accessory
It is not possible that the game could not end until the team scored the goal because games end when the time is up, not when a team scores a goal.
It is not possible that the game could not end until the team scored the goal because the game doesn't go until someone scores, it goes until time runs out.
It is not possible that the game could not end until the team scored the goal because game is dependent on time only
It is not possible that she used an elephant to get into her car because elephants cannot be used to open car doors.
It is not possible that she used an elephant to get into her car because elephant is not a key to used to get into her car
It is not possible that she used an elephant to get into her car because an elephant wouldn't fit into a car.
It is not possible that i turned on the moon to make it brighter because the moon cannot be turned on and off.
It is not possible that i turned on the moon to make it brighter because you cannot turn on the moon
It is not possible that i turned on the moon to make it brighter because humans can not control the moon.
It is not possible that he rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring because autumn is the season when leaves fall from trees.
It is not possible that he rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring because leaves cannot rakes in the spring.
It is not possible that he rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring because leaves fall of the trees in the autumn not the spring time therefore he could not rake leaves in the spring.
It is not possible that i sat in class listening to the rock because a rock cannot be listened to and does not teach classes.
It is not possible that i sat in class listening to the rock because rock not present in class
It is not possible that i sat in class listening to the rock because a rock does not teach subject
It is not possible that he saw a green elephant because a green elephant does not exist
It is not possible that he saw a green elephant because elephant color is not a green
It is not possible that he saw a green elephant because elephants are not colored green.
It is not possible that he threatened the man with a shirt because a shirt is not an object that can be threatening to a person.
It is not possible that he threatened the man with a shirt because a shirt is not a weapon and can not be used to threaten someone with.
It is not possible that he threatened the man with a shirt because shirt does not threaten.
It is not possible that the woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date because most people do not drink dog urine and dog urine has no labeled expiration date.
It is not possible that the woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date because dog urine is not something you drink
It is not possible that the woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date because urine tastes horrible and is bad for you
It is not possible that the room barged into the house because a room can't barge into anything. its part of the house
It is not possible that the room barged into the house because a room can not move itself
It is not possible that the room barged into the house because the house is much bigger than the room.
It is not possible that a dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon because dolphins live on earth in aquatic environment and breath air while the moon has neither water nor air.
It is not possible that a dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon because moon hasn't living condition
It is not possible that a dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon because dolphins live in the ocean.
It is not possible that she ate baked cell phone because baked fish can be eaten but baked cell phone cannot.
It is not possible that she ate baked cell phone because cells phones are not for eating.
It is not possible that she ate baked cell phone because cellphone is not a fish to ate
It is not possible that computers eat bananas because computer are man-made machines so they don't eat and bananas are food.
It is not possible that computers eat bananas because computers do not eat
It is not possible that computers eat bananas because computers do not eat.
It is not possible that the grill put ribs on to barbcue because a person can put ribs on a grill to barbecue but a grill cannot put on ribs to barbecue.
It is not possible that the grill put ribs on to barbcue because grills do not move.
It is not possible that the grill put ribs on to barbcue because a grill can't actively put food on to barbecue.
It is not possible that someone climbed up the faucet because nobody can climb a faucet.
It is not possible that someone climbed up the faucet because no one can climb a faucet.
It is not possible that someone climbed up the faucet because faucet is not a place to climb.
It is not possible that when a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses because one cannot buy houses in a grocery store.
It is not possible that when a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses because houses aren't sold at the grocery store.
It is not possible that when a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses because grocery stores don't sell houses.
It is not possible that she wore a car because she can not wear a car
It is not possible that she wore a car because you cannot wear a car.
It is not possible that she wore a car because cars are not able to be worn.
It is not possible that if you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first, a grizzly bear will eat you because slapping mailboxes has nothing to do with your chances of encountering, or getting eaten by, a grizzly bear.
It is not possible that if you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first, a grizzly bear will eat you because mailbox is not a red light to pull over
It is not possible that if you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first, a grizzly bear will eat you because a grizzly bear doesn't care if you slap the mailbox first.
It is not possible that plenty of humans enjoy being killed because most humans are afraid of death
It is not possible that plenty of humans enjoy being killed because killing is hurtful thing
It is not possible that plenty of humans enjoy being killed because killing is hurtful pain
It is not possible that some scientists work as snipers because the snipers are always in the army, while scientists do not.
It is not possible that some scientists work as snipers because the probability of a scientist working as a sniper is very low.
It is not possible that some scientists work as snipers because snipers are not scientists.
It is not possible that computers use a dog and cheese to work because a dog and a piece of cheese has nothing to do with how computers work.
It is not possible that computers use a dog and cheese to work because a dog is an animal and cheese is a food, neither of which can a computer use.
It is not possible that computers use a dog and cheese to work because dog and cheese are not used by the computers.
It is not possible that ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant because vegetarian restaurants do not offer to serve chicken fry
It is not possible that ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant because chicken is a non-vegetarian
It is not possible that ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant because chicken is meat and therefor not vegetarian
It is not possible that i ran home to help my couch with dinner because a couch is not capable of making dinner.
It is not possible that i ran home to help my couch with dinner because couches do not move on their own so they can not make dinner.
It is not possible that i ran home to help my couch with dinner because couch not prepar dinner
It is not possible that he put on his wheels to go for a run because you cannot wear wheels however in order to run you need shoes.
It is not possible that he put on his wheels to go for a run because wheels are not used to run.
It is not possible that he put on his wheels to go for a run because you can not run using wheels
It is not possible that a bed if often covered with grass because beds are never covered in grass.
It is not possible that a bed if often covered with grass because grass is present only in sand
It is not possible that a bed if often covered with grass because grass grows outside, not on beds.
It is not possible that she parked her banana in the garage because you don't drive or park a banana.
It is not possible that she parked her banana in the garage because bananas are a fruit that you eat and you do not park them in the garage.
It is not possible that she parked her banana in the garage because banana cannot park in the garage.
It is not possible that he flew a car because an airplane can be flown and a car can be driven.
It is not possible that he flew a car because car runs on road with help of diesel/petrol.
It is not possible that he flew a car because car is so heavy it cannot fly
It is not possible that the national bird of colombia is the bold eagle because there are not bold eagles in colombia
It is not possible that the national bird of colombia is the bold eagle because bold eagle cannot be the national bird of colombia.
It is not possible that the national bird of colombia is the bold eagle because bold eagle is not the national bird of any country.
It is not possible that the airport went to her because she can go to the airport but the airport can not go to her.
It is not possible that the airport went to her because airports are places and immobile.
It is not possible that the airport went to her because an airport is a large area where planes land and take off.
It is not possible that she rode her computer to the park because a bike can be ridden to a park a computer cannot be ridden to a park.
It is not possible that she rode her computer to the park because computer is not a bike to park
It is not possible that she rode her computer to the park because computers are not things that can be ridden.
It is not possible that they turned on a fan because the room was cold because a fan is used to cool a room, so won't be turned on if the room is already cold.
It is not possible that they turned on a fan because the room was cold because no one turns on the fan when its already cold
It is not possible that they turned on a fan because the room was cold because a fan gets turned on when it's hot, not cold.
It is not possible that children eat math in classrooms because nobody can eat math.
It is not possible that children eat math in classrooms because math is not eatable thing
It is not possible that children eat math in classrooms because math is not a food
It is not possible that she wore her car because she can not wear her car
It is not possible that she wore her car because a car is not a wearable item.
It is not possible that she wore her car because a car is too heavy and inflexible to wear.
It is not possible that i walked on the lake because it is impossible to walk on a lake
It is not possible that i walked on the lake because people are heavier than water and therefore cannot walk on top of it.
It is not possible that i walked on the lake because a lake cannot support a person walking on it.
It is not possible that he spent the evening watching tv, because the test was tomorrow because watching tv does not help you learn before a test.
It is not possible that he spent the evening watching tv, because the test was tomorrow because he spent evening with study not for watching tv
It is not possible that he spent the evening watching tv, because the test was tomorrow because he does not watch tv  the test was tomorrow.
It is not possible that he drove a chicken into the parking garage because a chicken can not be driven.
It is not possible that he drove a chicken into the parking garage because a chicken is an animal and cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he drove a chicken into the parking garage because chicken cannot drove into the parking garage.
It is not possible that a logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need because usually we call people logger who cuts trees for different purpose
It is not possible that a logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need because loggers do not plant trees, they cut them down.
It is not possible that a logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need because a logger doesn't plant the trees, they cut them down.
It is not possible that there are many sodas in the night sky because there are no sodas in the sky.
It is not possible that there are many sodas in the night sky because sodas does not present in the night sky.
It is not possible that there are many sodas in the night sky because sodas are not found in skies.
It is not possible that he put his closet in the backpack because you just can't put a closet in a backpack.
It is not possible that he put his closet in the backpack because backpacks will not fit closets in them.
It is not possible that he put his closet in the backpack because closet is not a thing that cannot put in his backpack.
It is not possible that he drove the car on the dolphin because a ramp is drivable, while a dolphin is not
It is not possible that he drove the car on the dolphin because dolphin is not a place to drive the car.
It is not possible that he drove the car on the dolphin because a car drives on the road.
It is not possible that babies drink beer because babies can only drink milk and beer will kill them
It is not possible that babies drink beer because humans do not feed babies things that do not contribute to their development.
It is not possible that babies drink beer because no babies drink beer
It is not possible that children enter an office building to see animals because animals don't live in office buildings
It is not possible that children enter an office building to see animals because office buildings don't normally have animals to visit.
It is not possible that children enter an office building to see animals because office building is not a place to see animals by the children.
It is not possible that you would eat computers for dessert because you cannot eat computers.
It is not possible that you would eat computers for dessert because computers cannot eat for dessert.
It is not possible that you would eat computers for dessert because you can't eat electronics
It is not possible that all living people have legs because some people were born with no legs and some others lost them during their lives.
It is not possible that all living people have legs because there are people living without legs.
It is not possible that all living people have legs because some people are born without legs or lose their legs due to trama.
It is not possible that a typical dog has four wheels because dogs have legs to get around instead of wheels.
It is not possible that a typical dog has four wheels because dog has legs not wheels
It is not possible that a typical dog has four wheels because dog has only legs not wheels
It is not possible that pigs can fly because pigs are not capable to fly
It is not possible that pigs can fly because pigs do not have wings.
It is not possible that pigs can fly because pigs haven't feather
It is not possible that she ran through the solar system because it is impossible to run through the solar system
It is not possible that she ran through the solar system because she cannot run through the solar system.
It is not possible that she ran through the solar system because the solar system is too large to run through.
It is not possible that he put a baby in a cage because babies go in crib's not cages
It is not possible that he put a baby in a cage because cage is a enclosure
It is not possible that he put a baby in a cage because babies are human beings and not pets that may be put in a cage.
It is not possible that she turned on her sock because a television can be turned on but a sock cannot be turned on.
It is not possible that she turned on her sock because sock is not an device
It is not possible that she turned on her sock because socks is not an electric device ,we can wear them only.
It is not possible that someone can fry cake in the oven because cake is not fried item.
It is not possible that someone can fry cake in the oven because frying requires oil at high temperatures
It is not possible that someone can fry cake in the oven because you can't fry food in an oven
It is not possible that the sun is not yellow; it's chicken because chicken is not a color
It is not possible that the sun is not yellow; it's chicken because the sun is not a chicken
It is not possible that the sun is not yellow; it's chicken because the sun is a star, not an animal.
It is not possible that scuba divers and sharks can fly because swimming is not flying
It is not possible that scuba divers and sharks can fly because humans and sharks cannot fly.
It is not possible that scuba divers and sharks can fly because shark is an insect it is not a bird to fly
It is not possible that flowers fly in the sky and come to rest on tree branches because flowers don't fly through the air.
It is not possible that flowers fly in the sky and come to rest on tree branches because flowers doesn't have feather
It is not possible that flowers fly in the sky and come to rest on tree branches because flowers do not have wings and cannot fly.
It is not possible that amy got a bath on her literature paper because you cannot get a bath on a paper.
It is not possible that amy got a bath on her literature paper because bath is used for refresh oneself not for exam manner
It is not possible that amy got a bath on her literature paper because paper will spoiled
It is not possible that the man upstairs has two heads because a man cannot have two heads.
It is not possible that the man upstairs has two heads because humans are born with one head.
It is not possible that the man upstairs has two heads because a man has only one head
It is not possible that employees are not getting jobs because employees are those who already have job.
It is not possible that employees are not getting jobs because jobs are not get by the employees.
It is not possible that employees are not getting jobs because if you are an employee then you have a job.
It is not possible that i played tv yesterday because you can't play with a tv
It is not possible that i played tv yesterday because you watch tv and do not play it
It is not possible that i played tv yesterday because tv is used for watching not for playing
It is not possible that she wore her bed to school because a class ring can be worn to school but a bed cannot be worn to school.
It is not possible that she wore her bed to school because a bed is not a clothing item.
It is not possible that she wore her bed to school because a bed is not a wearable item.
It is not possible that the city of new york has many mountains because there are no mountains in new york city.
It is not possible that the city of new york has many mountains because there are no mountains in new york city.
It is not possible that the city of new york has many mountains because forest only contains mountains not city
It is not possible that he went to the theater to buy a car because one goes to the theater to see a play but one does not go to the theater to buy a car.
It is not possible that he went to the theater to buy a car because theater is place for watch movie
It is not possible that he went to the theater to buy a car because theater displays only movie
It is not possible that picnic is in the big game because picnic is not a game.
It is not possible that picnic is in the big game because picnic does not the big game.
It is not possible that picnic is in the big game because kids love only game not picnic
It is not possible that he put water in his tires because he cannot put water into tires
It is not possible that he put water in his tires because tires need air to inflate them.
It is not possible that he put water in his tires because air is used to inflate the tires not water.
It is not possible that she washed the dishes in the bathroom because a kitchen is for dining, while a bathroom is for personal care.
It is not possible that she washed the dishes in the bathroom because she cannot wash the dishes in the bathroom.
It is not possible that she washed the dishes in the bathroom because you can wash the dishes in the bathroom, but there's a lot of germs.
It is not possible that she made a trash can to her mother because one cannot make a trash can to a mother.
It is not possible that she made a trash can to her mother because trash cans are not used for communication.
It is not possible that she made a trash can to her mother because trash can cannot made by the her.
It is not possible that people walk around naked because walking around naked is against the law
It is not possible that people walk around naked because naked people don't walk around.
It is not possible that people walk around naked because people should wear clothes if they are going to be walking around where others can see them.
It is not possible that she spoke fluently in both french and netherlands languages because netherlands is not a real language
It is not possible that she spoke fluently in both french and netherlands languages because netherlands and dutch are same and she spoke french.
It is not possible that she spoke fluently in both french and netherlands languages because netharland language is not a language
It is not possible that she put her tv on her feet because jazz shoes can go on feet and tv is to be watched.
It is not possible that she put her tv on her feet because tv is not a wearing accessory
It is not possible that she put her tv on her feet because a tv is for watching movies, it does not go on your feet.
It is not possible that trees provide money because money is made, not grown.
It is not possible that trees provide money because there is no tree for money
It is not possible that trees provide money because money does not come from trees
It is not possible that a man had a building for breakfast because a buiding is much too large to be eaten by a person.
It is not possible that a man had a building for breakfast because building is not a breakfast to eat
It is not possible that a man had a building for breakfast because a building is not food.
It is not possible that he used a stapler to write his answers on the test because a stapler is for connecting papers not for writing on them
It is not possible that he used a stapler to write his answers on the test because stapler is not used to write answers on the test.
It is not possible that he used a stapler to write his answers on the test because a stapler is not something that you can write with.
It is not possible that she wore slippers to look professional at work because slippers are not professional work attire.
It is not possible that she wore slippers to look professional at work because slippers are not professional attire.
It is not possible that she wore slippers to look professional at work because slippers does not used for professional at work.
It is not possible that shark eat grass because grass only grow on land.
It is not possible that shark eat grass because sharks live in the ocean and eat other things that live in the ocean, not grass.
It is not possible that shark eat grass because sharks are carnivores and eat meat.
It is not possible that he painted a portrait with a lamp because no one paints portraits with a lamp
It is not possible that he painted a portrait with a lamp because you can't paint something with a lamp.
It is not possible that he painted a portrait with a lamp because lamp is an electric object
It is not possible that he drank a car because a milkshake can be drunk but a car cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that he drank a car because cars are not drinks.
It is not possible that he drank a car because car is not an milkshake to drink
It is not possible that he has a necklace made of pudding because pudding can not be made into a necklace.
It is not possible that he has a necklace made of pudding because necklaces are made with metals and not with pudding.
It is not possible that he has a necklace made of pudding because necklace mad of gold not pudding
It is not possible that the man used toothpaste to paint his house because toothpaste is not used for painting.
It is not possible that the man used toothpaste to paint his house because toothpaste is nto used to paint hosues
It is not possible that the man used toothpaste to paint his house because toothpaste will wash away and not stay like paint would.
It is not possible that i rode my cat into town because cats are too small to sit on
It is not possible that i rode my cat into town because cat is not used to rode into town.
It is not possible that i rode my cat into town because it is nearly impossible to ride a cat.
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the vending machine because vending machines cannot wash clothes
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the vending machine because vending machines will not clean clothes.
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the vending machine because vending machines don't wash clothes.
It is not possible that a forest is a place full of bricks because bricks are manmade and used to build houses and other buildings
It is not possible that a forest is a place full of bricks because bricks are man-made things, not normally found in a forest.
It is not possible that a forest is a place full of bricks because bricks is a thing that does not present in a forest.
It is not possible that i sat down on the molecule because molecules are too small to hold a person while sitting.
It is not possible that i sat down on the molecule because molecule is not a sitting place
It is not possible that i sat down on the molecule because molecule is not a place to sit.
It is not possible that she dries her hair using a comb because a comb is to comb the air not to dry them
It is not possible that she dries her hair using a comb because you can't dry your hair using a comb
It is not possible that she dries her hair using a comb because no one used comb as dryer
It is not possible that he drove his sock because a car can be driven and a sock can be worn.
It is not possible that he drove his sock because socks are an item of clothing, typically meant to wear on one's foot.
It is not possible that he drove his sock because sock is not a vehicle
It is not possible that the car moor is powered by water because water does not serve as fuel
It is not possible that the car moor is powered by water because moors are not found in cars
It is not possible that the car moor is powered by water because a car motor can not run on water.
It is not possible that the actor starred in my lava lamp because people can't fit in a lava lamp.
It is not possible that the actor starred in my lava lamp because actor act in the film not in lava lamp
It is not possible that the actor starred in my lava lamp because actor starred in film only not lamp
It is not possible that he bought a new apple for the car because apples do not work on a car.
It is not possible that he bought a new apple for the car because apple is not fit for car
It is not possible that he bought a new apple for the car because cars don't need apples, as apples are food.
It is not possible that we are going to sleep to pittsburgh because people cannot get anywhere by sleeping.
It is not possible that we are going to sleep to pittsburgh because one cannot sleep to get to pittsburgh, you sleep in a bed.
It is not possible that we are going to sleep to pittsburgh because pittsburgh is a not a bed to sleep on.
It is not possible that the sun laid under the dog and took a short nap because the sun is too big to lay under the dog.
It is not possible that the sun laid under the dog and took a short nap because the sun is not something that lays down or naps
It is not possible that the sun laid under the dog and took a short nap because the sun is million of miles a way.
It is not possible that going to school is for drinking because school is a place to learn
It is not possible that going to school is for drinking because school is a place where we cannot drink.
It is not possible that going to school is for drinking because school does not teach drinking
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat his bed because people cannot eat beds.
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat his bed because bed is not an eating item
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat his bed because bed is a not a thing to eat.
It is not possible that i rode my van into the house because the van is too big ti fit into the house.
It is not possible that i rode my van into the house because riding a van into the house is not a good idea, you'll destroy the house.
It is not possible that i rode my van into the house because van is much bigger than the house.
It is not possible that the child fell and hit his family tree on the brick because a family tree is not a physical object and cannot be hit
It is not possible that the child fell and hit his family tree on the brick because child is not a animal to tree on brick
It is not possible that the child fell and hit his family tree on the brick because chidren do not carry ther family trees with them
It is not possible that the woman wore camels on her date because camels are animals and cannot be worn by a person
It is not possible that the woman wore camels on her date because camels are bigger than woman
It is not possible that the woman wore camels on her date because camels is a big animal
It is not possible that she rode a bike to the top of the stairs because bikes cannot be ridden on stairs.
It is not possible that she rode a bike to the top of the stairs because people don't ride bikes up stairs.
It is not possible that she rode a bike to the top of the stairs because bikes cannot go up stairs
It is not possible that i looked up at the blue horse because horses are not blue in color.
It is not possible that i looked up at the blue horse because horse not in blue color
It is not possible that i looked up at the blue horse because blue horse is not blue sky to looked up
It is not possible that a bowl is made of water because water is a liquid which cannot be used to make a bowl.
It is not possible that a bowl is made of water because water will not hold a shape.
It is not possible that a bowl is made of water because a bowl can not be made of water.
It is not possible that you can walk on a lake because you cannot walk on a lake.
It is not possible that you can walk on a lake because a lake cannot support a person walking on it.
It is not possible that you can walk on a lake because you will fall into the lake if you try to walk on it.
It is not possible that i used my pants to call my mother because pants cannot be used to make or receive phone calls.
It is not possible that i used my pants to call my mother because pants cannot used to call the mother.
It is not possible that i used my pants to call my mother because pants does not have calling options
It is not possible that a dog is speaking with my sister because dogs can`t speak
It is not possible that a dog is speaking with my sister because dog does not speak.
It is not possible that a dog is speaking with my sister because dog can't speak to any one
It is not possible that people use mugs to drink laptops because laptops cannot fit in mugs and you cannot drink a laptop.
It is not possible that people use mugs to drink laptops because laptops are not a drink
It is not possible that people use mugs to drink laptops because laptops are machines and are not designed to be ingested.
It is not possible that a camel is a fruit because a camel is an animal and animals are not fruits.
It is not possible that a camel is a fruit because a camel is an animal
It is not possible that a camel is a fruit because a camel is not a fruit it is an animal
It is not possible that he ate a plastic bag because a plastic bag does not contain nutrition and is harmful to eat.
It is not possible that he ate a plastic bag because plastic bags are not edible.
It is not possible that he ate a plastic bag because you can not eat a plastic bag.
It is not possible that she put on roller-skates to walk in the snow because roller-skates aren't used for walking in the snow.
It is not possible that she put on roller-skates to walk in the snow because you can not walk in the snow in roller skates.
It is not possible that she put on roller-skates to walk in the snow because roller-skates cannot be used in the snow.
It is not possible that you should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated because drinking alcohol actually dehydrate a persons and you need to drink a lot of water with in order to staty hydrated.
It is not possible that you should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated because alcohol, unlike water, is dehydrating.
It is not possible that you should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated because alcohol dehydrates you.
It is not possible that she uses an apple to change the television channel because a remote is used to change the channel, an apple is used to eat.
It is not possible that she uses an apple to change the television channel because apple cannot used to change the television channel.
It is not possible that she uses an apple to change the television channel because she cannot use an apple to change the television channel.
It is not possible that he read the sock because a newspaper can be read but a sock cannot be read.
It is not possible that he read the sock because socks are for wearing and not reading.
It is not possible that he read the sock because you can't read a sock
It is not possible that she is eating the beer because a beer is in liquid form and eating is something you do with solid food.
It is not possible that she is eating the beer because beer cannot be eat.
It is not possible that she is eating the beer because beer is a liquid item
It is not possible that he puts his clothes into the barn because clothing is will get dirty in a barn.
It is not possible that he puts his clothes into the barn because clothes don't normally get stored in a barn, usually it's in the house.
It is not possible that he puts his clothes into the barn because barn is a place for horse
It is not possible that sleeping during sex is active during sex because you can't be sleeping and be active during sex
It is not possible that sleeping during sex is active during sex because sleeping is for rest not for sex
It is not possible that sleeping during sex is active during sex because you don't sleep while active during sex.
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun sets in the west
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun always rises in the east
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
It is not possible that her sister is a wall because a wall is not a person and cannot be a sister.
It is not possible that her sister is a wall because wall is a thing that her sister cannot be.
It is not possible that her sister is a wall because a wall is a thing and not a human identity.
It is not possible that i played mayonnaise on the tv because mayonnaise is a condiment
It is not possible that i played mayonnaise on the tv because mayonnaise is a dish
It is not possible that i played mayonnaise on the tv because mayonnaise is an eating item
It is not possible that many dogs take the bus to school because dogs don't go to school.
It is not possible that many dogs take the bus to school because dogs never got school
It is not possible that many dogs take the bus to school because dogs do not go to school.
It is not possible that my pet chicken gave birth to a baby girl because my pet chicken did'nt lay eggs, yesterday.
It is not possible that my pet chicken gave birth to a baby girl because chickens give birth to chicks and not human babies.
It is not possible that my pet chicken gave birth to a baby girl because chicken does not give birth to a baby girl.
It is not possible that the fish races across the field because fish swim in water
It is not possible that the fish races across the field because a fish can not travel across a field
It is not possible that the fish races across the field because fish cannot go on land
It is not possible that she sees better with ther blindfold because a blindfold covers the eyes so one cannot see anything at all.
It is not possible that she sees better with ther blindfold because a blindfold blocks all eyesight.
It is not possible that she sees better with ther blindfold because blindfold can not see.
It is not possible that the universe is a dog because a universe cannot be a dog.
It is not possible that the universe is a dog because a dog is an animal
It is not possible that the universe is a dog because the universe is much bigger than a dog.
It is not possible that he ate a house because he cannot eat a house
It is not possible that he ate a house because a house is too large to eat, usually, unless it is made out of gingerbread.
It is not possible that he ate a house because house is not edible
It is not possible that he cut the radio because grass can be cut but a radio should not be cut.
It is not possible that he cut the radio because a radio is too hard to cut
It is not possible that he cut the radio because radio cannot cut.
It is not possible that i ate because i was nauseous because if you feel nauseous, eating more food can worsen the sickness
It is not possible that i ate because i was nauseous because no one ate when feel nauseous
It is not possible that i ate because i was nauseous because being nauseous would make one not want to eat.
It is not possible that he wrote a postcard to his boss because postcards are not used in formal communications
It is not possible that he wrote a postcard to his boss because it's not suitable to send boss postcards in official manners
It is not possible that he wrote a postcard to his boss because post card is not suitable for official manner
It is not possible that sharks drive on the highway, not the interstate because sharks can't drive cars, no matter where.
It is not possible that sharks drive on the highway, not the interstate because sharks live in the water and do not drive at all.
It is not possible that sharks drive on the highway, not the interstate because sharks do not drive.
It is not possible that you would plant seeds to get an oil change because nobody plants seeds for an oil change.
It is not possible that you would plant seeds to get an oil change because planting seeds will not change your oil.
It is not possible that you would plant seeds to get an oil change because planting seeds doesn't get you an oil change.
It is not possible that he turn on his shirt because a cell phone can be turned on but a shirt cannot be turned on.
It is not possible that he turn on his shirt because a shirt cannot be turned on.
It is not possible that he turn on his shirt because shirt cannot be turn on.
It is not possible that some sons are older than their biological fathers because a son is an offspring of a father, which requires the father to exist first.
It is not possible that some sons are older than their biological fathers because fathers sire their sons.
It is not possible that some sons are older than their biological fathers because a son can't be older than his father.
It is not possible that the battery ran out of computers because batteries only run on energy
It is not possible that the battery ran out of computers because batteries don't use computers.
It is not possible that the battery ran out of computers because batteries are used, they cannot use things.
It is not possible that her grandpa died on pluto because people cannot go to pluto
It is not possible that her grandpa died on pluto because pluto is not a death place
It is not possible that her grandpa died on pluto because no one has ever been on pluto.
It is not possible that bobby ate a carpet for lunch because nobody eats carpet.
It is not possible that bobby ate a carpet for lunch because carpet is a cloth
It is not possible that bobby ate a carpet for lunch because carpet is a cloth
It is not possible that needles are sharp, so you should put them in your eye because needles should never be put near your eye as it can cause irreversible damage.
It is not possible that needles are sharp, so you should put them in your eye because poking yourself in the eye with a needle would cause blindness.
It is not possible that needles are sharp, so you should put them in your eye because needles are not used to put them in the eye.
It is not possible that she put the plate in the washing machine because plates are dishes which are cleaned by dishwashers while washing machines are for clothes.
It is not possible that she put the plate in the washing machine because washing machine washes only clothes
It is not possible that she put the plate in the washing machine because washing machines are for clothes, not dishes.
It is not possible that she put a cell phone in the oven to bake because a turkey can be baked in an oven but a cell phone cannot be baked in the over.
It is not possible that she put a cell phone in the oven to bake because cell phones break at high heat and do not need baked.
It is not possible that she put a cell phone in the oven to bake because oven is a hot place
It is not possible that dogs like to talk at cats because dogs cannot talk.
It is not possible that dogs like to talk at cats because dogs are not able to talk
It is not possible that dogs like to talk at cats because dogs don't talk.
It is not possible that can i borrow your ruler to cut the turkey because ruler do not have sharp edges for cutting
It is not possible that can i borrow your ruler to cut the turkey because rulers are used to measure and knives are used to cut meat.
It is not possible that can i borrow your ruler to cut the turkey because ruler is a thing that cannot used to cut the turkey.
It is not possible that please attach your pet in the email because you cannot attach your pet in an email
It is not possible that please attach your pet in the email because in email only all types of documents can be attached not the living things.
It is not possible that please attach your pet in the email because pet is not virtual entity , its real
It is not possible that i watched an advertisement on my dog because a dog cannot be used to watch advertisements.
It is not possible that i watched an advertisement on my dog because dog is not a thing to watch an advertisement.
It is not possible that i watched an advertisement on my dog because advertisements can only be played on broadcasting medium whereas dog is not such a media.
It is not possible that she ate the concrete because pizza can be eaten but concrete can not be eaten.
It is not possible that she ate the concrete because concrete is not edible.
It is not possible that she ate the concrete because concrete is made of sand and water that hardens when it dries.
It is not possible that he went snowboarding in the ocean because one can't snowboard in the ocean.
It is not possible that he went snowboarding in the ocean because snowboard is not swimming object
It is not possible that he went snowboarding in the ocean because snowborarding is a sport done in the mountains with snow, not in the ocean.
It is not possible that she went on a pizza because she can go on vacation but she cannot go on pizza.
It is not possible that she went on a pizza because pizza is food
It is not possible that she went on a pizza because you can't go on a pizza anywhere.
It is not possible that we ate dinner at the bathroom sink because people don't eat food in the bathroom.
It is not possible that we ate dinner at the bathroom sink because bathroom sink is not a place for eat
It is not possible that we ate dinner at the bathroom sink because bathroom sinks are for washing, not eating
It is not possible that this sentence is false because that sentence was a paradox because it is neither true nor false.
It is not possible that this sentence is false because the sentence isn't unproven.
It is not possible that this sentence is false because there are no verifiable facts to judge whether or not the sentence is false.
It is not possible that he will marry her on the moon because the moon is in space
It is not possible that he will marry her on the moon because going to the moon is very expensive and requires training and authorization.
It is not possible that he will marry her on the moon because the moon is in outerspace.
It is not possible that he wore his sandwich today because a person cannot wear food as an item of clothing.
It is not possible that he wore his sandwich today because he only wore coat not sandwich
It is not possible that he wore his sandwich today because sandwich is not a thing that cannot wore.
It is not possible that frank often reads a kitchen because usually people read books, a kitchen is a place
It is not possible that frank often reads a kitchen because a kitchen is a room in a house and therefore can't be read.
It is not possible that frank often reads a kitchen because kitchen cannot read by the frank.
It is not possible that her computer completed work on her because one can complete work on a computer but a computer cannot complete work on a person.
It is not possible that her computer completed work on her because a computer cannot complete work on its own
It is not possible that her computer completed work on her because the person completed the work, not the computer.
It is not possible that she went to the bathroom, because she was out of food because there is no food in the bathroom.
It is not possible that she went to the bathroom, because she was out of food because bathroom is a place where we cannot get food.
It is not possible that she went to the bathroom, because she was out of food because food is not found in bathrooms. food is found in kitchens.
It is not possible that she warmed her foil in the microwave because soup can be warmed in the microwave but foil should not.
It is not possible that she warmed her foil in the microwave because foil is not a thing to warm in the microwave.
It is not possible that she warmed her foil in the microwave because foil will catch fire in a microwave.
It is not possible that he painted his grass because a house can be painted but grass should be cut not painted
It is not possible that he painted his grass because grass has its own natural color and does not need to be painted.
It is not possible that he painted his grass because grass is a thing that cannot paint.
It is not possible that france is the most populated country because france has less habitants than china
It is not possible that france is the most populated country because france does not have enough area to be the most populated country.
It is not possible that france is the most populated country because france population is small
It is not possible that i will go to jupiter today because it is impossible to travel to jupiter in 1 day.
It is not possible that i will go to jupiter today because getting to jupiter would be quite hard to get to.
It is not possible that i will go to jupiter today because jupiter is not a place to go.
It is not possible that i went on a trip to saturn because it is currently impossible for humans to travel to saturn.
It is not possible that i went on a trip to saturn because saturn is not a place to go for a trip.
It is not possible that i went on a trip to saturn because its impossible to travel to saturn
It is not possible that a dog is an adult cat because a dog is a different type of animal
It is not possible that a dog is an adult cat because dog cannot be a cat.
It is not possible that a dog is an adult cat because dogs are a different species to cats
It is not possible that stacy tosses the ball for her flowers because nobody tosses a ball for flowers.
It is not possible that stacy tosses the ball for her flowers because flower can not run towards ball
It is not possible that stacy tosses the ball for her flowers because ball is used for playing not for flowers
It is not possible that the man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge because a shower sponge isn't used for brushing your teeth.
It is not possible that the man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge because shower sponge cannot used to brush the teeth.
It is not possible that the man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge because a shower sponge cannot used to brush his teeth.
It is not possible that sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck because a rubber duck cannot penetrate a metal can.
It is not possible that sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck because a rubber duck is a toy for children.
It is not possible that sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck because rubber duck not a opening tool
It is not possible that i like to golf in space with my friends because people cannot golf in space.
It is not possible that i like to golf in space with my friends because we can't golf in space.
It is not possible that i like to golf in space with my friends because there is no gavity in space so golf is not possible.
It is not possible that stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen because people cannot make lakes in a kitchen.
It is not possible that stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen because lakes is bigger than kitchen
It is not possible that stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen because food is made in the kitchen and not lakes which are bodies of water.
It is not possible that a book is something you cook because cooking is something you do with food and books are not food.
It is not possible that a book is something you cook because book is not an eating item
It is not possible that a book is something you cook because book is made from paper to read while food can be only cooked.
It is not possible that the plane is flying on earth because the plane doesn't fit on the highway
It is not possible that the plane is flying on earth because flying is always in the sky
It is not possible that the plane is flying on earth because planes can't fly on land
It is not possible that he wore a tree with his suit because a tie can be worn with a suit but a tree cannot be wore with a suit.
It is not possible that he wore a tree with his suit because tree is not a cloth to wear
It is not possible that he wore a tree with his suit because trees are not articles of clothing.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tree on a koala because a tree cannot grow on a koala
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tree on a koala because we usually find trees upright, but a tree on a koala would have to have fallen over.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tree on a koala because koala is used for drinking not found on tree
It is not possible that he put milk in his shoes because milk does not go into shoes
It is not possible that he put milk in his shoes because milk will spoiled his shoes
It is not possible that he put milk in his shoes because you should not put milk in your shoes because it will make them wet and smelly.
It is not possible that the boy was playing with the clouds because the clouds are too high to play with
It is not possible that the boy was playing with the clouds because clouds are not kite to play
It is not possible that the boy was playing with the clouds because clouds are not a playing thing
It is not possible that dinosaurs brew 6 cups of coffee this morning, also because dinosaurs are much to big to drink out of coffee cups.
It is not possible that dinosaurs brew 6 cups of coffee this morning, also because dinosaurs have been extinct for thousands of years.
It is not possible that dinosaurs brew 6 cups of coffee this morning, also because dinosaurs do not drink coffee
It is not possible that a child is playing with a tiger because tigers are wild animals and generally dangerous to play with
It is not possible that a child is playing with a tiger because tiger cannot used as a play thing by a child.
It is not possible that a child is playing with a tiger because tigers are dangerous.
It is not possible that if you want to forget german quickly you should practise every day because you cannot practise forgetting.
It is not possible that if you want to forget german quickly you should practise every day because practising makes you remember, not forget
It is not possible that if you want to forget german quickly you should practise every day because german is a language it is not a excercise
It is not possible that she wore a tree to work because sandals can be worn to work but a tree can not be worn.
It is not possible that she wore a tree to work because a tree is not a clothing item.
It is not possible that she wore a tree to work because a tree is not a wearable item.
It is not possible that he delivered a baby girl because only women deliver babies
It is not possible that he delivered a baby girl because men don't birth babies.
It is not possible that he delivered a baby girl because he doesnot suitable for delivered a baby girl
It is not possible that i put my bowling ball on this morning because a bowling ball cannot be worn by a person.
It is not possible that i put my bowling ball on this morning because bowling ball is a sports thing
It is not possible that i put my bowling ball on this morning because bowling ball is not a clothing accessory
It is not possible that he put milk into his car engine because milk does not go into car engines.
It is not possible that he put milk into his car engine because the car engine does not have the milk.
It is not possible that he put milk into his car engine because milk is used for drink not for car engine
It is not possible that he was pregnant because men have no ovaries and no uterus.
It is not possible that he was pregnant because a man cannot be pregnant as he does not have a uterus.
It is not possible that he was pregnant because male person can't get pregnant only females can be.
It is not possible that he brought a giraffe to the party because it is common to bring gifts to a party, not animals.
It is not possible that he brought a giraffe to the party because giraffe cannot be brought.
It is not possible that he brought a giraffe to the party because a giraffe would be hard to contol and fit at a party.
It is not possible that the father put a band-aid on his child's scraped hair because you cannot scrape your hair and you do not put band-aids on your hair.
It is not possible that the father put a band-aid on his child's scraped hair because you cannot scrape your hair.
It is not possible that the father put a band-aid on his child's scraped hair because hair cannot be scraped like flesh.
It is not possible that i went to the bakery to see the elephants because there are no elephants at a bakery
It is not possible that i went to the bakery to see the elephants because bakery is a place where we can't see the elephants.
It is not possible that i went to the bakery to see the elephants because bakeries have pastries and dough-based food items, not elephants or other animals.
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in the pot to eat because pot is a container used to grow plants
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in the pot to eat because pot is for cooking.
It is not possible that he kept ice cream in the pot to eat because pots are too big for serving ice cream.
It is not possible that he drove a ball point pen to his mom's house because you cannot drive a ball point pen.
It is not possible that he drove a ball point pen to his mom's house because a ball point pen cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he drove a ball point pen to his mom's house because a person cannot drive a ball point pen.
It is not possible that swords are used for massaging people because swords are too sharp and dangerous to use on a human body.
It is not possible that swords are used for massaging people because swords have sharp edges and would hurt.
It is not possible that swords are used for massaging people because swords are sharp and hurt
It is not possible that she drove her television to work because televisions are not vehicles
It is not possible that she drove her television to work because a television is not a means transportation.
It is not possible that she drove her television to work because you cannot drive a television.
It is not possible that she folded her car neatly because its impossible to fold a car
It is not possible that she folded her car neatly because car does not fold.
It is not possible that she folded her car neatly because cars cannot be folded.
It is not possible that she drank lemonade from a lamp because lamps do not hold lemonade
It is not possible that she drank lemonade from a lamp because beverages aren't served in lamps.
It is not possible that she drank lemonade from a lamp because lamps are not cups.
It is not possible that the sun comes down in the morning because usually sun comes down at evening
It is not possible that the sun comes down in the morning because the sun rises in the morning.
It is not possible that the sun comes down in the morning because the sun always rises in the morning.
It is not possible that i sat on the wardrobe after lunch because wardrobes are not usual places to sit
It is not possible that i sat on the wardrobe after lunch because wardrobe is not a place to sit.
It is not possible that i sat on the wardrobe after lunch because a wardrobe is too tall to sit on
It is not possible that he threw the bull because bull cannot be thrown by person
It is not possible that he threw the bull because bulls are very heavy.
It is not possible that he threw the bull because bulls cannot be picked up and thrown by humans.
It is not possible that he was polishing his watch with shoe wax because shoe wax is used to polish shoes
It is not possible that he was polishing his watch with shoe wax because watch should not polished with shoe wax.
It is not possible that he was polishing his watch with shoe wax because shoe wax would damage a phone.
It is not possible that a birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person's divorce because a birthday card would be inappropriate to celebrate a divorce
It is not possible that a birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person's divorce because a birthday card is an inappropriate way to address a divorce.
It is not possible that a birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person's divorce because birthdays cards are for happy events.
It is not possible that he took his pregnant husband, who was in labor to the hospital because a man cannot get pregnant.
It is not possible that he took his pregnant husband, who was in labor to the hospital because husband will not become pregnant.
It is not possible that he took his pregnant husband, who was in labor to the hospital because men cannot be pregnant.
It is not possible that my car broke down on the way; therefore, i hired a driver because a driver cannot drive a broke down car
It is not possible that my car broke down on the way; therefore, i hired a driver because a driver cannot drive a broken car.
It is not possible that my car broke down on the way; therefore, i hired a driver because hiring a driver makes no sense when your car is unusable.
It is not possible that the water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean because water will not stand in clean kitchen sinks unless the drain is clogged
It is not possible that the water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean because the kitchen sink would be fine if this were the case.
It is not possible that the water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean because a clean sink will not hold water.
It is not possible that i am going to the airport to catch my train because aeroplanes are found at airports.
It is not possible that i am going to the airport to catch my train because trains are not available at the airport
It is not possible that i am going to the airport to catch my train because the airport doesn't have trains
It is not possible that the children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach because children don't create microscopes and microscopes are not created at the beach.
It is not possible that the children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach because giant microscope can't built in the beach.
It is not possible that the children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach because a microscope is too complicated for children to build at a beach
It is not possible that she brought a jungle to school because a jungle cannot be moved to a school.
It is not possible that she brought a jungle to school because a jungle cannot be moved.
It is not possible that she brought a jungle to school because a jungle cannot be transported.
It is not possible that watches are used to make call because watches cannot make calls as cell phones
It is not possible that watches are used to make call because watches are used to tell the time.
It is not possible that watches are used to make call because watches are not used like telephones.
It is not possible that a rocking chair can fly up and down because a rocking chair only rocks and cannot fly given that it is a piece of furniture.
It is not possible that a rocking chair can fly up and down because rocking chairs do not have the ability to fly.
It is not possible that a rocking chair can fly up and down because a rocking chair can only rock on the ground.
It is not possible that he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did because a church is meant to pray the god and not for the people who do crime.
It is not possible that he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did because a church is not a place where police house criminals.
It is not possible that he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did because you don't get sent to church for commiting a crime.
It is not possible that she walked her dog in the bathroom because bathrooms are not spacious or natural enough to be a walking area
It is not possible that she walked her dog in the bathroom because you do not walk your dog inside.
It is not possible that she walked her dog in the bathroom because a bathroom is too small to adequately or realistically walk a dog in.
It is not possible that he woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park because dead people will never woke up
It is not possible that he woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park because you cannot wake up if you are dead.
It is not possible that he woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park because once you are dead, you do not wake up.
It is not possible that sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later because a horse cannot fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later because horses are not food and do not fit in refrigerators.
It is not possible that sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later because a horse cannot fit inside of a fridge.
It is not possible that he parked a diesel in the garage because a diesel is a lot larger than a garage.
It is not possible that he parked a diesel in the garage because a diesel is too large to fit in a garage.
It is not possible that he parked a diesel in the garage because diesel is a fuel for burning not parking.
It is not possible that she came to dance class in a flamingo because flamingoes are not clothing.
It is not possible that she came to dance class in a flamingo because flamingo is a bird that can't wear.
It is not possible that she came to dance class in a flamingo because she cannot wear a flamingo to dance class because it is an animal.
It is not possible that in the book people live on broccoli because broccoli is too small for people to live on.
It is not possible that in the book people live on broccoli because people don't physically live on top of a head of broccoli.
It is not possible that in the book people live on broccoli because broccoli is a vegetable and too small to live on as humans.
It is not possible that television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry because television is a device used to watch motion pictures
It is not possible that television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry because televisions are not soft or moisture safe
It is not possible that television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry because a television is for watching
It is not possible that i went for a run this morning in the microwave because a person can not fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that i went for a run this morning in the microwave because people cannot fit inside of a microwave.
It is not possible that i went for a run this morning in the microwave because one cannot be inside of a microwave.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the sky because elephant doesn't have wings to fly while birds have.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the sky because elephants can't fly.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the sky because elephants cannot fly and would only be seen on land.
It is not possible that he put clothes in the refrigerator because clothes are usually meant for wearing and not for cooling
It is not possible that he put clothes in the refrigerator because clothes are not put in a refrigerator, they are put in a dresser.
It is not possible that he put clothes in the refrigerator because clothing does not belong in the refrigerator.
It is not possible that he bought a lion because the lion is not a pet .
It is not possible that he bought a lion because a lion can't be bought
It is not possible that he bought a lion because it is illegal to buy a lion.
It is not possible that he stares at the cpu to watch the movie because a cpu cannot show a movie
It is not possible that he stares at the cpu to watch the movie because the cpu is hardware, also known as a processor, so it doesn't display visuals on its own.
It is not possible that he stares at the cpu to watch the movie because the cpu doesn't show video.
It is not possible that you often find aardvarks in shoes.  because aardvarks don't wear shoes.
It is not possible that you often find aardvarks in shoes.  because aardvarks do not wear shoes.
It is not possible that you often find aardvarks in shoes.  because aardvarks are animals that do not live in shoes.
It is not possible that i put the paper towel in the dishwasher because the paper towel is not a dish.
It is not possible that i put the paper towel in the dishwasher because you cannot wash a paper towel.
It is not possible that i put the paper towel in the dishwasher because paper towels do not belong in dishwashers.
It is not possible that i ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast because people don't eat shoes and blankets as food
It is not possible that i ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast because shoes and blankets are not food.
It is not possible that i ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast because shoes and blankets aren't consumable objects.
It is not possible that we went tequila tasting at a winery because wineries can't serve liquor
It is not possible that we went tequila tasting at a winery because wineries make wine, not tequila.
It is not possible that we went tequila tasting at a winery because they don't make tequila at a winery.
It is not possible that he bakes phones in an oven because baking phones in an oven will break the phone
It is not possible that he bakes phones in an oven because phones are not food and aren't baked.
It is not possible that he bakes phones in an oven because oven is not a place to bake the phone.
It is not possible that he is running on the cycle in the gym because no one can run on cycle
It is not possible that he is running on the cycle in the gym because you cannot run on the cycle, you can only bike on it.
It is not possible that he is running on the cycle in the gym because cycle is not a treadmill to run
It is not possible that he threw the sun because the sun is too big to be thrown
It is not possible that he threw the sun because a sun cannot be picked up or thrown.
It is not possible that he threw the sun because the sun is too hot to be thrown.
It is not possible that cans can contain leopards inside of them because a leopard is too large to be contained inside of a can.
It is not possible that cans can contain leopards inside of them because a leopard cannot fit inside of a can.
It is not possible that cans can contain leopards inside of them because leopards can't fit in a can.
It is not possible that mike put bricks on the table, also because bricks are to heavy for a plate.
It is not possible that mike put bricks on the table, also because bricks are not for snacking and don't belong on tables.
It is not possible that mike put bricks on the table, also because bricks do not belong on tables.
It is not possible that she met her tiger at a fancy restaurant because tigers are not allowed in fancy restaurants.
It is not possible that she met her tiger at a fancy restaurant because people usually don't own tigers, and restaurants never would let one in.
It is not possible that she met her tiger at a fancy restaurant because a tiger cannot be found in a fancy restaurant
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions because a restaurant does not have teachers to teach discipline
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions because a restaurant is a place eating, for discipline.
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions because a restaurant is not a place to be disciplined.
It is not possible that pots grow in a garden because pots are man-made
It is not possible that pots grow in a garden because pots are not organic and do not grow
It is not possible that pots grow in a garden because pots are used to grow plants, but the pot itself cannot grow.
It is not possible that you can bake with a telescope because a telescope is a scientific instrument and not a baking tool.
It is not possible that you can bake with a telescope because a telescope does not have the ability to bake or create heat.
It is not possible that you can bake with a telescope because telescope does not bake.
It is not possible that horses are good for milking because horses cannot be milked.
It is not possible that horses are good for milking because horses cannot be milked.
It is not possible that horses are good for milking because horses do not produce milk.
It is not possible that sara put a bird in the refrigerator because a bird can't breath in a refrigerator.
It is not possible that sara put a bird in the refrigerator because a living bird does not go inside of a refrigerator.
It is not possible that sara put a bird in the refrigerator because birds cannot live inside of a refrigerator.
It is not possible that a mouse has a computer because a mouse cannot own things, and mouse in a context with computers is a different thing
It is not possible that a mouse has a computer because mice cannot use computers.
It is not possible that a mouse has a computer because mice cannot learn to use computers.
It is not possible that he put milk in the freezer because milk doesn't go in the freezer
It is not possible that he put milk in the freezer because milk should not keep in the freezer.
It is not possible that he put milk in the freezer because milk does not belong in the freezer.
It is not possible that the national newspaper had a story about the local fair because the local fair is a small story and only important to people who live nearby
It is not possible that the national newspaper had a story about the local fair because national papers don't write about small local items.
It is not possible that the national newspaper had a story about the local fair because national news doesn't cover local affairs.
It is not possible that he carried his car when he crossed the street because a car is too heavy for a man to carry for any distance and to move the car normally one would just drive it to the desired location.
It is not possible that he carried his car when he crossed the street because cars are too large to pick up and carry.
It is not possible that he carried his car when he crossed the street because cars weigh too much to be carried.
It is not possible that the bike rode him to work because bikes do not ride people.
It is not possible that the bike rode him to work because bikes are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that the bike rode him to work because bikes do not ride people.
It is not possible that he went to vegetable market to buy shoes because vegetable markets are for vegetables not for shoes
It is not possible that he went to vegetable market to buy shoes because vegetable markets don't sell shoes
It is not possible that he went to vegetable market to buy shoes because a vegetable market does not sell shoes.
It is not possible that he put a giraffe in his backpack because a giraffe would not fit in a backpack.
It is not possible that he put a giraffe in his backpack because a giraffe is too large for a backpack.
It is not possible that he put a giraffe in his backpack because a giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack.
It is not possible that someone ate my rocks because people cannot eat rocks like they can eat jellybeans.
It is not possible that someone ate my rocks because people do not eat rocks.
It is not possible that someone ate my rocks because rocks cannot ate.
It is not possible that cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed because there is no reason cleaning your monitor would cut your fingers in any way.
It is not possible that cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed because cleaning a monitor does cause pain to fingers.
It is not possible that cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed because cleaning a monitor does not use harsh cleaning chemicals.
It is not possible that boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts because boys do not have breasts like girls.
It is not possible that boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts because boys breasts do not need bra support.
It is not possible that boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts because ladies, not men, wear bras.
It is not possible that bicycles can drive faster than cars because cars have motors and bicycles do not.
It is not possible that bicycles can drive faster than cars because bicycles are human powered, and cannot be faster than cars.
It is not possible that bicycles can drive faster than cars because people cannot pedal hard enough to match a car engine.
It is not possible that the tortoise hops along the road because tortoises do not hop to get around, the walk.
It is not possible that the tortoise hops along the road because tortoises do not hop.
It is not possible that the tortoise hops along the road because tortoise cannot hop
It is not possible that if water gets cold we will make cold noodles because there is no way to make noodles with cold water
It is not possible that if water gets cold we will make cold noodles because warm, not cold, water is used for noodles.
It is not possible that if water gets cold we will make cold noodles because cold water cannot be used to make cold noodles.
It is not possible that the quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play because a person cannot throw a lion and animals are not used in football.
It is not possible that the quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play because lions aren't used in football and are usually too big to be thrown.
It is not possible that the quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play because lions are too large to be thrown.
It is not possible that his new shoes are made of peanut butter because shoes cannot be made out of peanut butter.
It is not possible that his new shoes are made of peanut butter because peanut butter is meant to be eaten, not worn as shoes.
It is not possible that his new shoes are made of peanut butter because shoes are not made of peanut butter.
It is not possible that he drives a horse because horses can not be driven.
It is not possible that he drives a horse because you ride a horse
It is not possible that he drives a horse because a horse does not have a steering wheel to drive.
It is not possible that he rode bike on the sky because bike cannot fly and it is a road transport vehicle
It is not possible that he rode bike on the sky because bikes cannot be ridden in the sky.
It is not possible that he rode bike on the sky because a bike is not aerodynamic or powerful enough to ride in the sky.
It is not possible that he threw his house into the trash bin because a house is too big to fit into the trash bin
It is not possible that he threw his house into the trash bin because a house cannot fit into a trash bin.
It is not possible that he threw his house into the trash bin because a house is too big for a trash bin.
It is not possible that the donut ran into the wall because donuts cannot run
It is not possible that the donut ran into the wall because donuts are inanimate objects and cannot run.
It is not possible that the donut ran into the wall because donuts are not able to run.
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a hammer because hammers cannot cut grass.
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a hammer because hammers are used to apply blunt force pressure, and cannot cut.
It is not possible that he cut the grass with a hammer because hammers are not sharp and cannot cut.
It is not possible that she baked a shoe for dinner because a shoe is not edible.
It is not possible that she baked a shoe for dinner because you cannot eat a shoe.
It is not possible that she baked a shoe for dinner because shoes are not edible.
It is not possible that people go to the bathroom to earn money because bathrooms don't pay anything
It is not possible that people go to the bathroom to earn money because there is no one to work for in a bathroom.
It is not possible that people go to the bathroom to earn money because bathrooms are not jobs.
It is not possible that he put a tiger into the toaster because a tiger cannot fit into the toaster.
It is not possible that he put a tiger into the toaster because an elephant is much larger than the toaster.
It is not possible that he put a tiger into the toaster because a tiger does not belong or fit in a toaster.
It is not possible that my dog likes to eat clouds when i cook because dogs cannot eat clouds
It is not possible that my dog likes to eat clouds when i cook because clouds are not solid.
It is not possible that my dog likes to eat clouds when i cook because clouds cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that sugar has a sour taste because sugar always have sweet taste
It is not possible that sugar has a sour taste because sugar is meant to sweeten food.
It is not possible that sugar has a sour taste because sugar has sweet taste.
It is not possible that he took a bath with dry dirt to get clean because dirt will make you dirtier.
It is not possible that he took a bath with dry dirt to get clean because putting dirt on yourself would make your more dirty, the opposite of being clean.
It is not possible that he took a bath with dry dirt to get clean because dirt does not get one clean, but dirtier.
It is not possible that he handed the phone to an otter because otters don't talk.
It is not possible that he handed the phone to an otter because otters don't use phones to communicate.
It is not possible that he handed the phone to an otter because otters have no hands.
It is not possible that the ocean was dry because the ocean is made up of water
It is not possible that the ocean was dry because an ocean is made of water.
It is not possible that the ocean was dry because the ocean is wet.
It is not possible that the wall bounced off the ball because a wall is stationary and cannot bounce off of a ball.
It is not possible that the wall bounced off the ball because walls don't bounce.
It is not possible that the wall bounced off the ball because walls are stationary and don't move.
It is not possible that he likes to eat water because he cannot eat water because water is not a solid.
It is not possible that he likes to eat water because water is a liquid and cannot be eaten, only drank.
It is not possible that he likes to eat water because water does not need to be chewed.
It is not possible that computers are kept in wet locations because moisture is damaging to computers.
It is not possible that computers are kept in wet locations because computers don't work when they are wet.
It is not possible that computers are kept in wet locations because computers would be damaged by wetness.
It is not possible that he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring because an elephant is an animal and cannot be proposed
It is not possible that he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring because people don't marry elephants.
It is not possible that he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring because men do not marry elephants.
It is not possible that she bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people because people do not normally carry large heavy homeware in the club.
It is not possible that she bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people because ovens are to big to take with you.
It is not possible that she bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people because you cannot transport an oven.
It is not possible that i sleep in my bidet every night because bidets are not made for sleeping
It is not possible that i sleep in my bidet every night because bidets cannot be slept in or upon.
It is not possible that i sleep in my bidet every night because a bidet is used to wash up after using the toilet, not for sleeping.
It is not possible that she went to the doctor to buy some coffee because doctors do not sell coffee.
It is not possible that she went to the doctor to buy some coffee because doctors do not sell coffee.
It is not possible that she went to the doctor to buy some coffee because the doctor treats people who are sick and does not sell coffee.
It is not possible that he knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family because if he is working, he cannot spend time with his family
It is not possible that he knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family because more work hours means time away from family.
It is not possible that he knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family because more time working means less time away from the family.
It is not possible that the dog had fun on the moon today because it is not possible to put a dog on the moon
It is not possible that the dog had fun on the moon today because a dog can't reach the moon
It is not possible that the dog had fun on the moon today because a dog cannot survive on the moon.
It is not possible that i baked a roast beef for dessert because you don't eat roast beef for dessert.
It is not possible that i baked a roast beef for dessert because roast beef is a main course dish.
It is not possible that i baked a roast beef for dessert because a roast beef is not a dessert food.
It is not possible that he hit the ball with a telephone because you do not play sports with a telephone
It is not possible that he hit the ball with a telephone because this serves no purpose and might damage the phone.
It is not possible that he hit the ball with a telephone because you can't hit a ball with a telephone because it is too small.
It is not possible that the waves were crashing on the street because waves usually seen at water bodies
It is not possible that the waves were crashing on the street because the waves do not crash on the street.
It is not possible that the waves were crashing on the street because waves are not suitable for street
It is not possible that the bird spoke to us because a bird cannot speak
It is not possible that the bird spoke to us because birds cannot speak.
It is not possible that the bird spoke to us because birds cannot talk.
It is not possible that i drank glass this morning because coffee is drinkable and a glass is an object that cannot be consumed.
It is not possible that i drank glass this morning because glass cannot be ingested.
It is not possible that i drank glass this morning because glass is a solid, not a liquid
It is not possible that she put gas in her skateboard to drive to work because a skateboard does not need gas nor do you drive one.
It is not possible that she put gas in her skateboard to drive to work because a skateboard does not have a fuel tank.
It is not possible that she put gas in her skateboard to drive to work because skateboards do not require fuel to operate.
It is not possible that christopher columbus sailed to north america with three ships: the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda because the santa maria, the pinta, and the nina are sailing ships, while the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda are cars.
It is not possible that christopher columbus sailed to north america with three ships: the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda because toyotas, pontiacs, and mazdas are car names and they did not exist in columbus's time.
It is not possible that christopher columbus sailed to north america with three ships: the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda because these are names of cars, not columbus's ships.
It is not possible that a diaper wears babies because a diaper is for the purpose of filling with a baby's waste and cannot wear a baby.
It is not possible that a diaper wears babies because diaper can't wear babies.
It is not possible that a diaper wears babies because diapers are worn, and do not wear anything.
It is not possible that wind is coming through closed glass window because wind cannot pass through glass like light.
It is not possible that wind is coming through closed glass window because wind can't get thru a closed window.
It is not possible that wind is coming through closed glass window because wind cannot come through closed windows.
It is not possible that johnny ate a 4-course meal as his snack because a snack is usually a small food portion.
It is not possible that johnny ate a 4-course meal as his snack because a 4-course meal is too big to be a snack
It is not possible that johnny ate a 4-course meal as his snack because a snack is, by definition, smaller than a meal.
It is not possible that he wears a sofa in the winter because no one wears sofa as clothes
It is not possible that he wears a sofa in the winter because sofas are too heavy to wear.
It is not possible that he wears a sofa in the winter because sofas cannot be worn because they are not clothing.
It is not possible that the raccoons flew south for the winter because raccoons can't fly.
It is not possible that the raccoons flew south for the winter because raccoons don't have wings.
It is not possible that the raccoons flew south for the winter because raccoons can't fly nor do they migrate south.
It is not possible that a clothing closet is for hanging up your car because a car is much too big for a closet.
It is not possible that a clothing closet is for hanging up your car because a clothing closet cannot hang up a car.
It is not possible that a clothing closet is for hanging up your car because a car cannot fit in a closet.
It is not possible that he chopped the tree with his finger because the finger is not sharp and hard enough to cut the tree.
It is not possible that he chopped the tree with his finger because his finger is not an axe.
It is not possible that he chopped the tree with his finger because a finger is not sharp enough to chop a tree.
It is not possible that he got in his bathtub to go to work because you get in a bath tub to take a bath, not go to work.
It is not possible that he got in his bathtub to go to work because bathtubs are not transportation.
It is not possible that he got in his bathtub to go to work because a bath tub is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that something you will find on a chess board is a president because there is no president in the chess game
It is not possible that something you will find on a chess board is a president because there is no chess piece called a president.
It is not possible that something you will find on a chess board is a president because there is no chess piece called the president.
It is not possible that she put the bath in the baby because you can't put anything in a baby
It is not possible that she put the bath in the baby because a baby cannot have a bath inside it.
It is not possible that she put the bath in the baby because a bath cannot be placed inside of a person.
It is not possible that george washington came to my child's birthday party yesterday because george washington died many years ago, while many clowns were alive yesterday.
It is not possible that george washington came to my child's birthday party yesterday because george washington is dead.
It is not possible that george washington came to my child's birthday party yesterday because george washington passed away hundreds of years ago.
It is not possible that she put the donkey on hold because donkeys can't make phone calls.
It is not possible that she put the donkey on hold because donkey cannot put on hold.
It is not possible that she put the donkey on hold because donkeys cannot make phone calls.
It is not possible that he drank coffee to go to sleep because coffee contains caffeine which is a stimulant.
It is not possible that he drank coffee to go to sleep because coffee is a stimulant used to increase alertness, so people don't drink it to sleep.
It is not possible that he drank coffee to go to sleep because coffee has a stimulant effect and would not help someone sleep.
It is not possible that socks is a thing which we wear on neck because socks is a cloth which we can wear only on legs not in neck
It is not possible that socks is a thing which we wear on neck because socks aren't worn on our necks.
It is not possible that socks is a thing which we wear on neck because we cannot wear socks on neck.
It is not possible that i bake my pie in the hoover because hoover does not bake things
It is not possible that i bake my pie in the hoover because a hoover can not bake
It is not possible that i bake my pie in the hoover because hoovers don't heat up to cook food.
It is not possible that he put shark in a ranch because shark cannot survive in a ranch
It is not possible that he put shark in a ranch because sharks cannot live on land.
It is not possible that he put shark in a ranch because ranch is not a place to put the shark.
It is not possible that there is a truck on the bed because a bed could not stand the weight of a truck
It is not possible that there is a truck on the bed because a truck will not fit on a bed.
It is not possible that there is a truck on the bed because a truck is too large to be on a bed.
It is not possible that the woman walked through the keyhole because a human cannot fit through a keyhole
It is not possible that the woman walked through the keyhole because women do not fit through a keyhole
It is not possible that the woman walked through the keyhole because a keyhole is too small for a woman to walk through.
It is not possible that people eat coal because coal is not consumed as food
It is not possible that people eat coal because eating coal would cause illness to a person.
It is not possible that people eat coal because people only eat food.
It is not possible that he bought a lion because lion is not a pet.
It is not possible that he bought a lion because a lion can't be bought
It is not possible that he bought a lion because it is illegal to buy a lion.
It is not possible that he threw a building at her because no one is able to throw a building.
It is not possible that he threw a building at her because one cannot throw buildings.
It is not possible that he threw a building at her because a building is too large to throw.
It is not possible that tom has bought a car which has six rooms because usually a car cannot have many rooms
It is not possible that tom has bought a car which has six rooms because cars do not have rooms.
It is not possible that tom has bought a car which has six rooms because a car does not have rooms.
It is not possible that the rope jumped him because the rope has no life to jump
It is not possible that the rope jumped him because a rope cannot do anything on its own.
It is not possible that the rope jumped him because ropes are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that he cries while he is chopping some apples because apples can't make a human  cry while he is shopping it.
It is not possible that he cries while he is chopping some apples because chopping apples does not cause someone to cry.
It is not possible that he cries while he is chopping some apples because apples don't produce an odor or vapor potent enough to make someone cry.
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the heliocentric theory explains that the sun cannot turn around the earth
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the sun is larger than the earth.
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the sun does not revolve around the earth, the earth revolves around the sun.
It is not possible that the woman went driving in the lake because the woman can't drive in a lake.
It is not possible that the woman went driving in the lake because lake is a place where we cannot drive.
It is not possible that the woman went driving in the lake because a lake cannot be through.
It is not possible that the ostrich is at the mall because an ostrich does not go to the mall.
It is not possible that the ostrich is at the mall because mall is a place where the ostrich don't live.
It is not possible that the ostrich is at the mall because animals typically aren't found within malls.
It is not possible that a left shoulder is part of a pie because shoulder is a part of the human body, not a food
It is not possible that a left shoulder is part of a pie because a body part is not edible.
It is not possible that a left shoulder is part of a pie because pies do not have sholders.
It is not possible that two is more than three because two is less than three.
It is not possible that two is more than three because three is much bigger than two.
It is not possible that two is more than three because two is less than three.
It is not possible that he got on a car and flew to his destination because cars can't fly but planes can.
It is not possible that he got on a car and flew to his destination because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that he got on a car and flew to his destination because car cannot flew.
It is not possible that the kids are getting on the banana because kids do not ride bananas to school.
It is not possible that the kids are getting on the banana because kids cannot fit on top of a single banana.
It is not possible that the kids are getting on the banana because kids cannot ride a banana to school.
It is not possible that they bunk classes to hang out with parents because parents would know that their children are not attending classes
It is not possible that they bunk classes to hang out with parents because parents would not permit this behavior.
It is not possible that they bunk classes to hang out with parents because people don't usually bunk classes to hang out with parents.
It is not possible that i am going to beach from madurai because but not beach to live in madurai
It is not possible that i am going to beach from madurai because madurai does not have a beach.
It is not possible that i am going to beach from madurai because madurai does not have beach.
It is not possible that she jumped over the grand canyon because the grand canyon is too large to jump over.
It is not possible that she jumped over the grand canyon because the grand canyon is too big for anyone to jump over.
It is not possible that she jumped over the grand canyon because the grand canyon is too large to jump across.
It is not possible that there are many spceships in the sea because spaceships travel through space and not water so they are usually not found is seas.
It is not possible that there are many spceships in the sea because spaceships are in space, or on land before they get to space.
It is not possible that there are many spceships in the sea because spaceships belong in space, not the sea.
It is not possible that he ate tomato soup with a fork because the fork would not hold the liquid
It is not possible that he ate tomato soup with a fork because you cannot eat tomato soup with a fork.
It is not possible that he ate tomato soup with a fork because the soup would slip between the cracks of the fork making it impossible to eat that way.
It is not possible that water is often used as a fuel because petrol is much flammable than petrol
It is not possible that water is often used as a fuel because water is not a fuel.
It is not possible that water is often used as a fuel because engines and other such motorized equipment requiring a catalyst don't operate on water.
It is not possible that a pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet because a pig is a physical creatures and cannot consist of letters.
It is not possible that a pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet because a pig is not made of letters.
It is not possible that a pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet because a pig is an animal.
It is not possible that she is asking for a vacuum cleaner for president's day because people do not exchange gifts on president's day
It is not possible that she is asking for a vacuum cleaner for president's day because you don't receive presents on president's day.
It is not possible that she is asking for a vacuum cleaner for president's day because vacuum cleaner is for cleaning not for president day
It is not possible that my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day because no one goes to gym after eating the meals
It is not possible that my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day because after eating gym is not good
It is not possible that my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day because gyms are usually closed after dinner
It is not possible that she also cooked cow legs for the entree because a cows leg isn't usually an entree, for dinner.
It is not possible that she also cooked cow legs for the entree because cow legs is not good for cooking
It is not possible that she also cooked cow legs for the entree because cow legs are not commonly served entrees.
It is not possible that i started eating lot of food to lose weight because no one eats more to lose weight.
It is not possible that i started eating lot of food to lose weight because you do not eat a lot to lose weight.
It is not possible that i started eating lot of food to lose weight because to lose weight we should not eat lot.
It is not possible that she replanted the car into a larger pot because cars are larger than pots and are not something you replant.
It is not possible that she replanted the car into a larger pot because cars cannot be planted.
It is not possible that she replanted the car into a larger pot because cars are a lot bigger than flowerpots.
It is not possible that he went to mcdonald's to eat lobster because n mcdonalds they don't sell lobster
It is not possible that he went to mcdonald's to eat lobster because mcdonald's does not serve lobster.
It is not possible that he went to mcdonald's to eat lobster because mcdonald's does not serve lobster.
It is not possible that the color green is a combination of yellow and red because the colors yellow and red make orange not green
It is not possible that the color green is a combination of yellow and red because green is  yellow and blue.
It is not possible that the color green is a combination of yellow and red because yellow and red are primary colors, while green is not.
It is not possible that apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one's wrist because apple is a fruit people eat
It is not possible that apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one's wrist because apples are fruit.
It is not possible that apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one's wrist because apples are meant to be eaten, not worn.
It is not possible that something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu because food menus are found at most restaurants
It is not possible that something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu because internet cafes do not serve food like traditional cafes.
It is not possible that something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu because internet cafes don't sell food because people would get it all over the computers
It is not possible that she drives a red apple because an apple is not a vehicle therefore cannot be driven
It is not possible that she drives a red apple because an apple can not be driven
It is not possible that she drives a red apple because a person cannot get inside of an apple.
It is not possible that the cat ate a horse because a cat could not eat a horse because a horse is too big
It is not possible that the cat ate a horse because a horse is much bigger than a cat.
It is not possible that the cat ate a horse because a cat does not eat horses.
It is not possible that large dogs can fit in a handbag because a handbag is too small to contain a large dog.
It is not possible that large dogs can fit in a handbag because large dogs are too big to fit in handbags.
It is not possible that large dogs can fit in a handbag because dog breeds classified as "large" are far too big to fit in handbag.
It is not possible that window wants to be clean because window can't have any desire
It is not possible that window wants to be clean because windows are not alive and cannot want anything.
It is not possible that window wants to be clean because windows are inanimate.
It is not possible that he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge because no one pours milk for plants
It is not possible that he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge because you do not feed a plant milk
It is not possible that he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge because plants don't consume milk.
It is not possible that he cooked his hat on the grill because a hat is not an item of food.
It is not possible that he cooked his hat on the grill because people don't grill their clothing.
It is not possible that he cooked his hat on the grill because people don't cook hats, they are not food.
It is not possible that roger throws a couch for his dog because a couch is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that roger throws a couch for his dog because a couch is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that roger throws a couch for his dog because roger cannot throw a couch because it is too big.
It is not possible that using a bbq i made a smoothie because smoothies are not something a bbq can make.
It is not possible that using a bbq i made a smoothie because smoothies are made in a blender.
It is not possible that using a bbq i made a smoothie because smoothies are made with blenders, not on a grill.
It is not possible that he used a cat to unlock the door because cats cannot unlock doors
It is not possible that he used a cat to unlock the door because a cat does not function like a key.
It is not possible that he used a cat to unlock the door because cats cannot fit into keyholes.
It is not possible that the fish ran after the red ball because fish cannot run
It is not possible that the fish ran after the red ball because fish cannot run.
It is not possible that the fish ran after the red ball because fishes swim in water and cannot run.
It is not possible that i put air in my car because gas fuels car not air
It is not possible that i put air in my car because cars do not use air as fuel.
It is not possible that i put air in my car because a car does not run on air.
It is not possible that animals live in homeless shelters because cats live in animal shelters, not homeless shelters.
It is not possible that animals live in homeless shelters because homeless shelters are for people.
It is not possible that animals live in homeless shelters because homeless shelters are for humans
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with spoon because spoon is a kitchen utensil used to eat food
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with spoon because spoons are used for eating, not brushing teeth.
It is not possible that she brushed her teeth with spoon because a spoon cannot be used to brush ones teeth.
It is not possible that he jumped out of the plane to the  ground because one cannot jump out of the plane and safely land on the ground without a parachute
It is not possible that he jumped out of the plane to the  ground because he can't jump out of a plane to the ground and live.
It is not possible that he jumped out of the plane to the  ground because jumping out of a plane on the ground would kill you
It is not possible that she went to a dentist to check her eyes because dentist is someone who examines tooth
It is not possible that she went to a dentist to check her eyes because a dentist checks teeth
It is not possible that she went to a dentist to check her eyes because dentists specialize in teeth.
It is not possible that she put gloves on her feet because gloves do not fit feet
It is not possible that she put gloves on her feet because gloves belong on the hands.
It is not possible that she put gloves on her feet because gloves do not belong on feet.
It is not possible that give me more humans because humans is a person. can not give it to someone else
It is not possible that give me more humans because humans are not something that can be given or traded as a commodity.
It is not possible that give me more humans because human cannot be given to someone.
It is not possible that she brought a new cat for her fishtank because cats eat fish and don't like living in water
It is not possible that she brought a new cat for her fishtank because cats do not belong in fish tanks.
It is not possible that she brought a new cat for her fishtank because cats don't breathe water.
It is not possible that he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash because a stadium is meant fro recreational activities
It is not possible that he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash because stadiums don't have medical equipment or doctors equipped to handle a victim of a car crash.
It is not possible that he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash because a stadium is not a place to receive medical attention.
It is not possible that he cooked the computer because computers are not supposed to be cooked
It is not possible that he cooked the computer because cooking a computer would destroy it.
It is not possible that he cooked the computer because computer cannot cooked.
It is not possible that she put her phone on the cloud because clouds can't hold phones.
It is not possible that she put her phone on the cloud because clouds cannot be reached by people.
It is not possible that she put her phone on the cloud because clouds cannot hold phones.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in court because whole dinosaur are dead years ago
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in court because dinosaurs have been extinct for hundreds of millions of years.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in court because dinosaur does not find in the court.
It is not possible that the american went to europe by train because there are no rail links across the ocean to europe.
It is not possible that the american went to europe by train because you cannot cross the ocean on a train.
It is not possible that the american went to europe by train because there is an ocean between america and europe.
It is not possible that a hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke because hurricanes are swirling masses of air and water, and not sand and smoke and can't start on land.
It is not possible that a hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke because hurricanes are not comprised of sand and smoke, but rather natural elements.
It is not possible that a hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke because hurricane is not good for  sand and smoke
It is not possible that he put a fridge in a chicken because a fridge cannot fit inside a chicken, nor would anyone try to make such a thing happen.
It is not possible that he put a fridge in a chicken because a fridge is too large to put in a chicken.
It is not possible that he put a fridge in a chicken because a fridge is bigger than a chicken.
It is not possible that books can read people because a book is an inanimate object and cannot read anything.
It is not possible that books can read people because books are not conscious and can't read.
It is not possible that books can read people because books are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that he eats a toaster for dinner because a person cannot eat a toaster.
It is not possible that he eats a toaster for dinner because toaster cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he eats a toaster for dinner because toasters are made of metal and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that water is dusty because water travels the path of least resistance and flows freely
It is not possible that water is dusty because water can't be dusty.
It is not possible that water is dusty because water is a liquid and a lubricant.
It is not possible that he eats a pen every day because no one eats a pencil as food
It is not possible that he eats a pen every day because a pen is not edible.
It is not possible that he eats a pen every day because pens are not edible.
It is not possible that he ran over a extinct animal because you can not run over something that doesn't exsist anymrore
It is not possible that he ran over a extinct animal because turkeys are not extinct.
It is not possible that he ran over a extinct animal because an extinct animal cannot be ran over.
It is not possible that he ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch because you cannot eat rubberbands.
It is not possible that he ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch because rubber bands are inedible.
It is not possible that he ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch because rubber bands are not consumable
It is not possible that he put the guniea pig in the fridge because guniea pigs cant survive in the fridge.
It is not possible that he put the guniea pig in the fridge because a guniea pig does not live in a fridge.
It is not possible that he put the guniea pig in the fridge because animals should not be put in the fridge.
It is not possible that he was admitted in a university after a heart attack because a university does not have doctors and nurses
It is not possible that he was admitted in a university after a heart attack because a university is not a place to admit after heart attack.
It is not possible that he was admitted in a university after a heart attack because a college is not a hospital.
It is not possible that dogs like to chase hippos because dogs and hippos do not share habitats
It is not possible that dogs like to chase hippos because hippos do not run and are not apt for chasing by dogs.
It is not possible that dogs like to chase hippos because dogs aren't around hippos to chase them.
It is not possible that i threw a sandwich to the catcher because a sandwich isn't equipment that is thrown to a catcher.
It is not possible that i threw a sandwich to the catcher because you don't play baseball with sandwiches
It is not possible that i threw a sandwich to the catcher because catchers don't catch sandwiches.
It is not possible that the girl played on the cat at the park because a cat is too small to play on.
It is not possible that the girl played on the cat at the park because girl cannot play on the cat.
It is not possible that the girl played on the cat at the park because a cat is too small and fragile for a girl to play on
It is not possible that laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news because laptop is a portable computer people use to do work
It is not possible that laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news because laptop does not have folded sheets.
It is not possible that laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news because a laptop is a device, not a printed publication.
It is not possible that he cooked the stove because stove is used to cook potatoes but cannot be cooked
It is not possible that he cooked the stove because stoves cannot be cooked.
It is not possible that he cooked the stove because stoves do the cooking.
It is not possible that she went flying above the clouds in a submarine because submarines do not fly.
It is not possible that she went flying above the clouds in a submarine because submarine does not fly in the clouds.
It is not possible that she went flying above the clouds in a submarine because submarines do not fly.
It is not possible that he played the cd on the record player because it is impossible to play a cd on a record player.
It is not possible that he played the cd on the record player because record players only play vinyl records.
It is not possible that he played the cd on the record player because a record player cannot play a compact disc.
It is not possible that the chair drove quickly down the road because a chair does not have a mechanism that allows it to drive.
It is not possible that the chair drove quickly down the road because chairs cannot drive.
It is not possible that the chair drove quickly down the road because a chair cannot be driven.
It is not possible that i drink gasoline in the morning because gasoline is not safe for drink
It is not possible that i drink gasoline in the morning because gasoline is highly inflammable and cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that i drink gasoline in the morning because gasoline is lethal when ingested
It is not possible that the grocery store has lumber on sale because grocery store do not sell lumber.
It is not possible that the grocery store has lumber on sale because lumber does not present in the grocery store.
It is not possible that the grocery store has lumber on sale because a grocery store does not sell lumber
It is not possible that water can be stored in dvds because dvd will not work if we put water in it
It is not possible that water can be stored in dvds because dvds cannot store water inside them.
It is not possible that water can be stored in dvds because a dvd cannot store water.
It is not possible that only smoking may cause cancer because not only the smoking main culprit for cancer
It is not possible that only smoking may cause cancer because there are many factors that can lead to cancer besides smoking.
It is not possible that only smoking may cause cancer because many things cause cancer.
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the dish washer because dish washer does not wash clothes
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the dish washer because dish washers are meant for dishes, not clothes.
It is not possible that i wash my clothes in the dish washer because the dishwasher will not wash clothes correctly.
It is not possible that she kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet because usually people keep gold safe
It is not possible that she kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet because one does not abandon their gold in public.
It is not possible that she kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet because it is not normal for someone to walk around with gold.
It is not possible that violins are used to stir soup because violins are not a kitchen utensil.
It is not possible that violins are used to stir soup because violins are used for music, not food.
It is not possible that violins are used to stir soup because soup is usually stirred with a spoon or similar utensil designed for cooking.
It is not possible that he drives a table because a table does not have wheels.
It is not possible that he drives a table because you cannot drive a table, it does not have wheels.
It is not possible that he drives a table because a table is a piece of furniture and cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he buys a table to live with his family because table do not have space to live
It is not possible that he buys a table to live with his family because a family cannot live in a table.
It is not possible that he buys a table to live with his family because a table is too small to house a family.
It is not possible that she bought a steak for dessert because a steak can be eaten for dessert.
It is not possible that she bought a steak for dessert because steak is not served as a dessert.
It is not possible that she bought a steak for dessert because steaks are not sweet.
It is not possible that i am afraid of floating while swimming because floating is a comfortable position and need not be afraid of it
It is not possible that i am afraid of floating while swimming because while swimming we cannot float.
It is not possible that i am afraid of floating while swimming because floating is not dangerous and there is no reason to be afraid of it.
It is not possible that you would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read because singing to your children would make them want to sing more instead of reading.
It is not possible that you would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read because singing has to do with speaking and listening, which is a different form of communication than reading.
It is not possible that you would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read because singing does not show someone how to read.
It is not possible that i listened to the song on the fridge because you can't play music on a fridge.
It is not possible that i listened to the song on the fridge because the fridge does not play music
It is not possible that i listened to the song on the fridge because a fridge does not play music
It is not possible that blood comes out during volcano because blood comes out from living things body usually from a wound
It is not possible that blood comes out during volcano because a volcano is not filled with blood, but lava.
It is not possible that blood comes out during volcano because volcanoes don't bleed.
It is not possible that buses carry rocks to their destination because buses are made to serve living people
It is not possible that buses carry rocks to their destination because rocks cannot board and disembark on their own.
It is not possible that buses carry rocks to their destination because buses carry people, not rocks, to their destinations.
It is not possible that she rides the lamp to school everyday because lamps are immobile and too small to ride
It is not possible that she rides the lamp to school everyday because lamps are a light source, and cannot be used for transportation.
It is not possible that she rides the lamp to school everyday because lamps are not vehicles of transport.
It is not possible that she cooked bacon in the sink because you cannot cook in the sink
It is not possible that she cooked bacon in the sink because bacon is cooked on the stove not the sink.
It is not possible that she cooked bacon in the sink because one cannot cook in the sink.
It is not possible that lying is a sport because a sport involves physical activity
It is not possible that lying is a sport because lying is not a sport, but a attitude
It is not possible that lying is a sport because lying is not a sport.
It is not possible that the sweater comes from a can because sweaters do not come from cans
It is not possible that the sweater comes from a can because cans aren't used to contain sweaters.
It is not possible that the sweater comes from a can because sweaters don't fit in cans.
It is not possible that bleach is a popular sandwich filling because bleach is poisonous to the human body
It is not possible that bleach is a popular sandwich filling because bleach is not edible.
It is not possible that bleach is a popular sandwich filling because bleach is a chemical that is dangerous if you ingest it.
It is not possible that she wrote in her diary with a purple knife because a knife is used for cutting, not writing.
It is not possible that she wrote in her diary with a purple knife because you can't write with a knife.
It is not possible that she wrote in her diary with a purple knife because knives are not tools of writing.
It is not possible that she parked the garage in the car because a garage is much bigger than a car.
It is not possible that she parked the garage in the car because a garage cannot fit in a car.
It is not possible that she parked the garage in the car because garages are immobile and wouldn't fit in a car.
It is not possible that spaghetti is often served with watermelons because watermelons are too big to fit on a plate of spaghetti.
It is not possible that spaghetti is often served with watermelons because watermelon is not used with spaghetti.
It is not possible that spaghetti is often served with watermelons because watermelons are not served with spaghetti.
It is not possible that the slug jumped into the pool because a slug cannot jump
It is not possible that the slug jumped into the pool because slugs cannot jump.
It is not possible that the slug jumped into the pool because the slug can't jump.
It is not possible that she put the cat in the dishwasher because dishwashers are not used to clean animals.
It is not possible that she put the cat in the dishwasher because you do you put animals in the dishwasher.
It is not possible that she put the cat in the dishwasher because cat is not a vessel to put in dishwasser
It is not possible that the chair sat on the man because the chair cant stand up to sit down
It is not possible that the chair sat on the man because a chair does not sit like a human.
It is not possible that the chair sat on the man because a chair cannot sit on a man.
It is not possible that the room was dark so i turned on the stereo because a stereo does not provide illumination.
It is not possible that the room was dark so i turned on the stereo because stereos do not have lights.
It is not possible that the room was dark so i turned on the stereo because a stereo does not make light.
It is not possible that i plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy because it is not feasible to take a vacation to a distant galaxy.
It is not possible that i plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy because a distant galaxy cannot be reached for casual travel.
It is not possible that i plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy because distant galaxies are too far to be traveled to.
It is not possible that fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally because a father cannot nurture a child if they are gone.
It is not possible that fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally because children who do not have present fathers do not develop normally.
It is not possible that fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally because fathers normally should stay with their kids.
It is not possible that wolves are faster than cheetahs because cheetahs have an anatomy that is better suitable for speed and acceleration
It is not possible that wolves are faster than cheetahs because wolves may be fast, but cheetahs have always been the fastest land-mammal.
It is not possible that wolves are faster than cheetahs because cheetah is the fastest animal in the world
It is not possible that needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching because for hand stitching one doesn't need a sewing machine
It is not possible that needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching because using a sewing machine means you aren't hand stitching.
It is not possible that needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching because hand stitching implies no machines are used.
It is not possible that he bought chair for his dog to eat because chair is made of wood and dog does not eat it
It is not possible that he bought chair for his dog to eat because dogs do not eat chairs
It is not possible that he bought chair for his dog to eat because while a chair may inadvertently get eaten by a dog, people don't buy chairs with the intention of deliberately feeding it to their dog.
It is not possible that he changed the channel on the bullfrog because a bullfrog does not have channels.
It is not possible that he changed the channel on the bullfrog because a bullfrog does not have channels like a televison.
It is not possible that he changed the channel on the bullfrog because bullfrog is not used to change the channel.
It is not possible that i bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter because you do not wear bathing suits in the winter to keep warm, you wear a hat.
It is not possible that i bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter because you do not wear bathing suits in the winter
It is not possible that i bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter because bathing suit is not used to wear in the winter.
It is not possible that he put a toilet in a goldfish because a toilet cannot fit in a goldfish
It is not possible that he put a toilet in a goldfish because toilets cannot be placed inside goldfish.
It is not possible that he put a toilet in a goldfish because a goldfish is too small for a toilet to fit inside.
It is not possible that he wrote a note with a microwave because microwaves do not have something with which to write.
It is not possible that he wrote a note with a microwave because a microwave is not a place to write a note.
It is not possible that he wrote a note with a microwave because a microwave has no ink you can use to write.
It is not possible that cricket ball is a glossy red, pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable because cricket ball is usually used to play cricket cannot be eaten
It is not possible that cricket ball is a glossy red, pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable because cricket ball is not a fruit or vegetable.
It is not possible that cricket ball is a glossy red, pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable because cricket balls are not edible.
It is not possible that she found her house in the washing machine because her house is too big to fit in the washing machine
It is not possible that she found her house in the washing machine because a house is too large to be inside of a washer.
It is not possible that she found her house in the washing machine because a house cannot fit inside of a washing machine.
It is not possible that peaches are square and hard because peaches are soft and round
It is not possible that peaches are square and hard because peaches are not square and hard.
It is not possible that peaches are square and hard because peaches are round and soft, not square and hard.
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because restaurants do not treat the injured.
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because restaurants don't help the injured.
It is not possible that tom and jerry, the cartoon characters, founded rome 5,000 years ago because tom and jerry are fictional characters.
It is not possible that tom and jerry, the cartoon characters, founded rome 5,000 years ago because cartoon characters are not real people from history.
It is not possible that tom and jerry, the cartoon characters, founded rome 5,000 years ago because tom and jerry have only been around for the past few decades, and they are fictional.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because a bike cannot travel through the air.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because bikes cannot transport people to the moon.
It is not possible that she rode her bike to the moon because you can't ride bikes into outter space.
It is not possible that he shouldn't have eaten the elephant because usually people don't eat an elephant, its too big to be eaten
It is not possible that he shouldn't have eaten the elephant because people do not eat elephants
It is not possible that he shouldn't have eaten the elephant because an elephant cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that five people walked into a refrigerator at night because five people cannot walk into a refrigerator because it's too small
It is not possible that five people walked into a refrigerator at night because five people cannot fit in a refrigerator.
It is not possible that five people walked into a refrigerator at night because people cannot fit in refrigerators.
It is not possible that he bought a rhinosaurus because a rhinosaurus is not a pet.
It is not possible that he bought a rhinosaurus because rhinosaurus are not legal to buy and sell.
It is not possible that he bought a rhinosaurus because rhinosaurus cannot bought.
It is not possible that the boy promised to share his cookie with his chair because a chair  is an inanimate object that cannot eat a food.
It is not possible that the boy promised to share his cookie with his chair because a chair cannot share a bookie.
It is not possible that the boy promised to share his cookie with his chair because chairs do not eat cookies.
It is not possible that she fed the baby a warm blanket because babies drink out of bottles and not out of blankets.
It is not possible that she fed the baby a warm blanket because babies do not eat blankets.
It is not possible that she fed the baby a warm blanket because a blanket is not food.
It is not possible that the little girl was carrying a truck on her head because truck is an impossible thing to carry by a little girl
It is not possible that the little girl was carrying a truck on her head because a little girl is too weak to carry a truck on her head.
It is not possible that the little girl was carrying a truck on her head because a truck is too heavy for a person to carry.
It is not possible that leaves are used to write something down because leaves do not produce any sort of ink and can't be used for writing.
It is not possible that leaves are used to write something down because leaves cannot be written upon.
It is not possible that leaves are used to write something down because leaves are not writing instruments
It is not possible that he drank a cup of fire because fire is not something you can drink
It is not possible that he drank a cup of fire because fire is not a liquid.
It is not possible that he drank a cup of fire because fire cannot be drank.
It is not possible that some giraffes live in the spaghetti because giraffes cannot live in a food.
It is not possible that some giraffes live in the spaghetti because spaghetti is a type of food, not a habitat.
It is not possible that some giraffes live in the spaghetti because spaghetti is too small for giraffes to live in.
It is not possible that i'm cooking a table for dinner because a table is not edible
It is not possible that i'm cooking a table for dinner because tables are not mean to be eaten.
It is not possible that i'm cooking a table for dinner because you cannot eat a table.
It is not possible that i am hungry because i did eat a lot of food because usually people eat lot of food will not get hungry fast
It is not possible that i am hungry because i did eat a lot of food because hungry is when you don't eat food
It is not possible that i am hungry because i did eat a lot of food because after one eats food, s/he is not hungry.
It is not possible that a person wants a crispy metals because metals are not edible
It is not possible that a person wants a crispy metals because people do not eat metal.
It is not possible that a person wants a crispy metals because metal isn't crispy nor something people would want to eat.
It is not possible that the earth revolves around the moon because the earth is larger than the moon so it's gravity influences the moon more.
It is not possible that the earth revolves around the moon because the earth revolves around the sun.
It is not possible that the earth revolves around the moon because the moon revolves around the earth.
It is not possible that diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food because healthy food does not cause diarrhoea.
It is not possible that diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food because healthy food aids digestion, not hinder it
It is not possible that diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food because healthy food does not cause diarrhoea.
It is not possible that i put some oatmeal into the omelette because omelettes are not made with oatmeal.
It is not possible that i put some oatmeal into the omelette because oatmeal is used for making porridge, not for making omelettes.
It is not possible that i put some oatmeal into the omelette because omelettes are never made with oatmeal.
It is not possible that lemonade is made from coffee beans because lemonade is made using lemons, not coffee beans.
It is not possible that lemonade is made from coffee beans because lemonade is made from lemons.
It is not possible that lemonade is made from coffee beans because lemonade is made from lemons.
It is not possible that airplanes can fly backwards because air plane propellers and jet engines can not suck a plane in reverse.
It is not possible that airplanes can fly backwards because airplanes can only move forward.
It is not possible that airplanes can fly backwards because airplanes only fly forward.
It is not possible that he saw his bike reflection in the stone because stone has a hard surface which cannot reflect things
It is not possible that he saw his bike reflection in the stone because stones are not reflective.
It is not possible that he saw his bike reflection in the stone because stones are not reflective.
It is not possible that cars drive on rails because cars have rubber wheels and don't run on track
It is not possible that cars drive on rails because car tires are not effective on rails.
It is not possible that cars drive on rails because cars are not trains.
It is not possible that my sister eats wood with dinner because wood is not edible by human beings.
It is not possible that my sister eats wood with dinner because humans don't eat wood.
It is not possible that my sister eats wood with dinner because people do not eat wood.
It is not possible that cups and saucers are used for skiing because one cannot ski with the help of cups and saucers.
It is not possible that cups and saucers are used for skiing because cups and saucers cannot handle the weight of people.
It is not possible that cups and saucers are used for skiing because cups and saucers cannot be used to ski.
It is not possible that he kept shoes on the book shelf because shoes are to be kept in shoe rack not on book shelf
It is not possible that he kept shoes on the book shelf because shoes aren't bought to be put on display.
It is not possible that he kept shoes on the book shelf because shoes should not put in the book shelf.
It is not possible that he plays kitchen everyday because kitchen is a place were we cook
It is not possible that he plays kitchen everyday because you can not play a kitchen, a kitchen is a room.
It is not possible that he plays kitchen everyday because kitchen is not the name of a game.
It is not possible that the tree walked over to the person because a tree does not have legs to walk on.
It is not possible that the tree walked over to the person because trees can't walk.
It is not possible that the tree walked over to the person because trees cannot walk.
It is not possible that my sister eats some sand after lunch every day because no one eats sand as food
It is not possible that my sister eats some sand after lunch every day because people do not eat sand.
It is not possible that my sister eats some sand after lunch every day because sand is not edible.
It is not possible that eating too much lettuce is unhealthy because lettuce is very healthy
It is not possible that eating too much lettuce is unhealthy because lettuce is good for you.
It is not possible that eating too much lettuce is unhealthy because lettuce is a healthy food.
It is not possible that she asked the billy goat for directions to the zoo because a billy goat can't give you directions.
It is not possible that she asked the billy goat for directions to the zoo because billy goats cannot speak or understand english.
It is not possible that she asked the billy goat for directions to the zoo because people cannot talk to goats.
It is not possible that he drank a square of water because square is not a proper container or measurement of water.
It is not possible that he drank a square of water because a square is 2d, water is 3d.
It is not possible that he drank a square of water because water is not stored or measured in squares.
It is not possible that she open the window and let someone fresh into the room because usually people enter into the room through door, cant do it through window
It is not possible that she open the window and let someone fresh into the room because people generally don't use a window to let in guests or visitors.
It is not possible that she open the window and let someone fresh into the room because people don't come into a room through windows.
It is not possible that it was hurricane so they flew a kite because a hurricane would destroy a kite.
It is not possible that it was hurricane so they flew a kite because it is not safe to be out in a hurricane.
It is not possible that it was hurricane so they flew a kite because this act would be very stupid and dangerous.
It is not possible that they took the car into the building because cars cant get inside a building
It is not possible that they took the car into the building because cars don't belong in buildings.
It is not possible that they took the car into the building because buildings themselves don't have entrances or areas designed for cars.
It is not possible that fire is wet because fire involves heat and will evaporate liquids or consume them
It is not possible that fire is wet because fire is not wet.
It is not possible that fire is wet because water is wet and can extinguish a fire.
It is not possible that my aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch because wooden chairs are not edible.
It is not possible that my aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch because wooden chairs are not edible.
It is not possible that my aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch because people do not eat wooden chairs.
It is not possible that dogs go in a bag because dogs cannot breathe in bags
It is not possible that dogs go in a bag because a dog doesn't fit in a bag
It is not possible that dogs go in a bag because dogs would die if put in bags.
It is not possible that pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic, cyanide and lye because arsenic, cyanide and lye are deadly and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic, cyanide and lye because people don't make pies and cakes filled with deadly chemicals.
It is not possible that pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic, cyanide and lye because poisons are not common ingredients for desserts.
It is not possible that she went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed because the hair salon does not have dentists that do medical oral services.
It is not possible that she went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed because the hair salon is not the dentist's office.
It is not possible that she went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed because hair salons do not have dentists.
It is not possible that she put the dog in the jar because a dog cannot fit in a jar
It is not possible that she put the dog in the jar because dog cannot put in the jar.
It is not possible that she put the dog in the jar because dog is not a candy
It is not possible that water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil because water cannot be used to rub out anything written
It is not possible that water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil because water is ineffective at removing carbon pencil marks.
It is not possible that water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil because carbon cannot be erased with water.
It is not possible that paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids because paper is a material used for writing, drawing, or printing on, or as wrapping material
It is not possible that paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids because paper is not made of glass or plastic.
It is not possible that paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids because paper is made from wood, not glass and it cannot store liquids.
It is not possible that generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels because motor cycles are in two wheeler category
It is not possible that generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels because five wheels are more than needed so it would be inefficient.
It is not possible that generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels because motorcycles usually only have two wheels.
It is not possible that most people sleep on air because air is not a solid surface
It is not possible that most people sleep on air because air cannot support a person's body.
It is not possible that most people sleep on air because it is physically impossible to sleep on air.
It is not possible that roger likes to write bricks in his journal because bricks are physical objects that cannot be written.
It is not possible that roger likes to write bricks in his journal because bricks cannot write.
It is not possible that roger likes to write bricks in his journal because bricks are not things that are written.
It is not possible that difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it because there is no blood in the non living things
It is not possible that difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it because pens do not have blood in them.
It is not possible that difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it because pens are full of ink, not blood.
It is not possible that he prepared lunch using a computer because a computer cannot produce food items
It is not possible that he prepared lunch using a computer because a computer cannot make lunch.
It is not possible that he prepared lunch using a computer because a computer does not cook food.
It is not possible that usually summer is cold because summer is the hottest season therefore can not be cold usually.
It is not possible that usually summer is cold because summer is the hottest season.
It is not possible that usually summer is cold because summer is hot because the sun is closer to the earth.
It is not possible that many people live on mars because mars cannot sustain life.
It is not possible that many people live on mars because mars is inhabitable.
It is not possible that many people live on mars because there is no one living on mars.
It is not possible that use the feather to start the car because you need car keys to start a car not a feather.
It is not possible that use the feather to start the car because a feather cannot start a car.
It is not possible that use the feather to start the car because a feather is not used as a key.
It is not possible that he talked to her using a book shelf because book shelves are for keeping books
It is not possible that he talked to her using a book shelf because bookshelves can't be used to communicate.
It is not possible that he talked to her using a book shelf because a book shelf is not a means of communication.
It is not possible that my tv is watching a film because the tv is used to watch film. it isn't a human being.
It is not possible that my tv is watching a film because a tv cannot comprehend a movie.
It is not possible that my tv is watching a film because a tv is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that he lives in the fridge because no one lives in a fridge
It is not possible that he lives in the fridge because living inside of a fridge would mean certain death.
It is not possible that he lives in the fridge because a person cannot fit into a fridge.
It is not possible that he cooked chicken in the chair because chair is tool used to sit
It is not possible that he cooked chicken in the chair because a chair cannot cook a chicken.
It is not possible that he cooked chicken in the chair because chairs cannot cook food.
It is not possible that the quarterback threw the car to the receiver because a car is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that the quarterback threw the car to the receiver because people cannot throw cars.
It is not possible that the quarterback threw the car to the receiver because no one can throw a car.
It is not possible that he placed the donkey in the fridge because a donkey does not go into a fridge
It is not possible that he placed the donkey in the fridge because the donkey is much bigger than a fridge.
It is not possible that he placed the donkey in the fridge because donkeys are too large to be stored in fridges.
It is not possible that i blew my elbow into a tissue because an elbow does not have nostrils.
It is not possible that i blew my elbow into a tissue because you can't "blow" an elbow the same way you would a nose.
It is not possible that i blew my elbow into a tissue because one does not blow elbows like noses.
It is not possible that she put food in the wardrobe because no one put food in the wardrobe
It is not possible that she put food in the wardrobe because food would spoil in a wardrobe.
It is not possible that she put food in the wardrobe because wardrobe is not a place to put the food.
It is not possible that she put a tree in the fridge because trees cannot go in the fridge.
It is not possible that she put a tree in the fridge because a tree is too large to fit in a fridge
It is not possible that she put a tree in the fridge because a tree would not fit into a fridge.
It is not possible that the dog and the doctor talked because a dog cannot talk
It is not possible that the dog and the doctor talked because dogs cannot speak.
It is not possible that the dog and the doctor talked because the dog don't talk.
It is not possible that every person has an arm because there are people who are missing an arm.
It is not possible that every person has an arm because some people do not have arms.
It is not possible that every person has an arm because some people are armless.
It is not possible that the deer flew into the woods because a deer cannot fly and does not have wings.
It is not possible that the deer flew into the woods because deer do not fly.
It is not possible that the deer flew into the woods because deers do not fly.
It is not possible that she plugged the charger into the banana because a banana is a fruit, not a electical device to be charged.
It is not possible that she plugged the charger into the banana because a charger has no effect on a banana.
It is not possible that she plugged the charger into the banana because bananas don't need charging.
It is not possible that you can incinerate more flies with honey because honey is not a flammable substance.
It is not possible that you can incinerate more flies with honey because flies cannot be burned with honey.
It is not possible that you can incinerate more flies with honey because honey does not cause fire
It is not possible that smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs because smoking shortens your life and increases the chance of cancer and heart deseases
It is not possible that smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs because smoking is detrimental to heart and lungs.
It is not possible that smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs because smoking is dangerous to these organs.
It is not possible that he ate an rotten potato because a rotten potato is bad for you.
It is not possible that he ate an rotten potato because he would not eat a potato if it were rotten.
It is not possible that he ate an rotten potato because rotten potatoes cause illness.
It is not possible that she drove her cat to work because cats are not vehicles.
It is not possible that she drove her cat to work because a person cannot drive a cat.
It is not possible that she drove her cat to work because cats cannot drive.
It is not possible that this hat cost ten miles because miles is used to mention distances not costs
It is not possible that this hat cost ten miles because miles is not a currency.
It is not possible that this hat cost ten miles because a mile is a measure of distance, not price.
It is not possible that he put a television on her finger because televisions go on a table, not on a finger.
It is not possible that he put a television on her finger because a television won't fit on a finger.
It is not possible that he put a television on her finger because a television is too big to be put on a finger.
It is not possible that the dog took the girl for a walk because dogs don't walk humans.
It is not possible that the dog took the girl for a walk because the dog cannot took the girl for walk.
It is not possible that the dog took the girl for a walk because dogs cannot walk people.
It is not possible that you shall study to be worst because studying, it will improve the results
It is not possible that you shall study to be worst because worst people don't study.
It is not possible that you shall study to be worst because people study to get better, not worse.
It is not possible that i am driving the house because you cannot drive a house
It is not possible that i am driving the house because houses cannot be driven like vehicles.
It is not possible that i am driving the house because you cannot drive a house.
It is not possible that rabbits can be found in rivers because rabbits are not aquatic animals and require air for survival.
It is not possible that rabbits can be found in rivers because rivers is a place where we cannot found rabbits.
It is not possible that rabbits can be found in rivers because rabbits are found on land, not in water.
It is not possible that josie took a sky because no one can take sky
It is not possible that josie took a sky because the skies cannot be separated.
It is not possible that josie took a sky because sky cannot take by josie.
It is not possible that you are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land because find is different of choose, the mean is a person is trying to get something in the crowd, in the multitude of things
It is not possible that you are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land because you would not have a choice.
It is not possible that you are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land because you cannot find a lemur by choosing one.
It is not possible that tomatoes are grown on mars because the correct growing conditions don't exist on mars
It is not possible that tomatoes are grown on mars because nothing is grown on mars.
It is not possible that tomatoes are grown on mars because tomatoes are not grown on mars.
It is not possible that he cooked a giraffe in the oven because a giraffe is much bigger than the oven
It is not possible that he cooked a giraffe in the oven because a giraffe cannot fit in an oven
It is not possible that he cooked a giraffe in the oven because a giraffe is much bigger than a oven.
It is not possible that plants require street sight because plants cannot grow using street  light
It is not possible that plants require street sight because plants do not need street sight to live.
It is not possible that plants require street sight because plants require sunlight not artificial light.
It is not possible that the giraffe walked into the living room because a giraffe is too tall to fit through a door.
It is not possible that the giraffe walked into the living room because a living room doesn't have the height clearance for a giraffe and they aren't found near houses.
It is not possible that the giraffe walked into the living room because giraffes are too large to be in houses.
It is not possible that he put the food in the fridge to heat it up because microwave heats things up but fridge cools things down.
It is not possible that he put the food in the fridge to heat it up because you do not place food in the fridge to heat it up, refrigerators cool food.
It is not possible that he put the food in the fridge to heat it up because fridges are used to keep things cold.
It is not possible that the man ate the apple with a donut because one cannot eat an apple using a donut.
It is not possible that the man ate the apple with a donut because it's hard to pick up food with a donut.
It is not possible that the man ate the apple with a donut because a donut is a separate food item, and cannot be used to make eating an apple any easier.
It is not possible that he ate a cheeseburger with his socks because socks are not eating utensils
It is not possible that he ate a cheeseburger with his socks because one does not eat with their socks.
It is not possible that he ate a cheeseburger with his socks because food is eaten with your hands.
It is not possible that a monkey eats rice with beans because monkeys only eat fruits
It is not possible that a monkey eats rice with beans because rice and beans are not found in the wild for monkeys to eat.
It is not possible that a monkey eats rice with beans because a monkey eats banana not beans
It is not possible that she has a penis because woman are born with vaginas
It is not possible that she has a penis because she hasn't penis
It is not possible that she has a penis because women don't have a penis
It is not possible that our tongue helps us walk because we don't use the tongue to walk
It is not possible that our tongue helps us walk because tongue helps to speech not walk
It is not possible that our tongue helps us walk because the tongue helps one talk, not walk.
It is not possible that he took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday because supermarkets are usually not a place for a celebration.
It is not possible that he took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday because a supermarket is not a common place to celebrate a birthday
It is not possible that he took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday because birthday does not celebrate in the supermarket.
It is not possible that a wheel is a square object because a wheel is always round, like a circle, and it's used in many different ways
It is not possible that a wheel is a square object because wheels are round, not squared.
It is not possible that a wheel is a square object because wheels don't work if they're not round.
It is not possible that he lit the stone on fire because stones can't catch fire.
It is not possible that he lit the stone on fire because stones do not burn.
It is not possible that he lit the stone on fire because stones cannot catch on fire.
It is not possible that chair cushions are made of nails because you cannot sit on nails.
It is not possible that chair cushions are made of nails because nails would not be comfortable as seats.
It is not possible that chair cushions are made of nails because nails are not nice to sit on.
It is not possible that we bought a car for the dog because dogs do not drive cars.
It is not possible that we bought a car for the dog because dogs can't drive.
It is not possible that we bought a car for the dog because dogs can't drive cars.
It is not possible that wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects because woods never reflect a clear image
It is not possible that wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects because wood is opaque and not a reflective object.
It is not possible that wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects because wood is not reflective.
It is not possible that my friend was riding a bike on the chair because a chair is not big enough to ride a bike on
It is not possible that my friend was riding a bike on the chair because a chair is too small to ride a bike on
It is not possible that my friend was riding a bike on the chair because bikes are longer than chairs.
It is not possible that log is running fast on jogging track because log can't run as it is a non living thing
It is not possible that log is running fast on jogging track because logs do not have feet.
It is not possible that log is running fast on jogging track because a log cannot move on its own.
It is not possible that pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting because pen is an instrument used to write in books
It is not possible that pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting because pens aren't used for cutting.
It is not possible that pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting because a pen is used used for writing (not cutting), and the handle is filled with ink (not a blade).
It is not possible that the pet store was selling toasters because toasters are not sold in pet stores.
It is not possible that the pet store was selling toasters because pet stores sell pets and pet items.
It is not possible that the pet store was selling toasters because the pet store does not sell kitchen appliances.
It is not possible that blood is coming out from mountain during volcano because blood is present in living things, mountain is a  nonliving thing
It is not possible that blood is coming out from mountain during volcano because mountains and volcanoes don't bleed or have blood; they spew magma.
It is not possible that blood is coming out from mountain during volcano because blood comes out of veins, not volcanoes.
It is not possible that he wrote with a bird on the paper because birds are not writing utensils
It is not possible that he wrote with a bird on the paper because birds aren't writing instruments.
It is not possible that he wrote with a bird on the paper because a bird is not capable of writing.
It is not possible that he opened the coke with the thread because thread is not a hard object to break something
It is not possible that he opened the coke with the thread because a thread cannot open a coke.
It is not possible that he opened the coke with the thread because no one uses thread to open up a bottle or can of coke.
It is not possible that they listened through the banana because a banana does not play audio
It is not possible that they listened through the banana because one cannot use a banana to play audio.
It is not possible that they listened through the banana because a banana is not a listening instrument.
It is not possible that a marriage card is for business because cannot do business with marrige cards
It is not possible that a marriage card is for business because marriage and business are not related.
It is not possible that a marriage card is for business because a marriage card is for marriage, not business.
It is not possible that she poured her coffee into the oven because coffee doesn't belong in the oven.
It is not possible that she poured her coffee into the oven because coffee does not belong in the oven.
It is not possible that she poured her coffee into the oven because coffee does not belong in the oven.
It is not possible that he smokes cell phone because no one smokes cell phone nor lit them
It is not possible that he smokes cell phone because a cell phone cannot be smoked.
It is not possible that he smokes cell phone because cell phones can't be smoked
It is not possible that the man ate the bridge because one cannot eat bridges
It is not possible that the man ate the bridge because bridges are used to cross an otherwise not easily traversed terrain, and not for human consumption.
It is not possible that the man ate the bridge because a bridge cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that couches are for eating because couches are inedible
It is not possible that couches are for eating because couches are not for eating because they are not food.
It is not possible that couches are for eating because couches are not edible
It is not possible that i put the dog in the coffee mug because dogs can't fit into coffee mugs.
It is not possible that i put the dog in the coffee mug because a dog is too big to fit in a mug
It is not possible that i put the dog in the coffee mug because a dog is too large to fit in a coffee mug.
It is not possible that he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film because a dish washer cannot display movies.
It is not possible that he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film because dish washers do not play movies.
It is not possible that he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film because dish washers do not play movies.
It is not possible that she went to the market to sell her rotten milk because there is no use for a store to buy rotten milk
It is not possible that she went to the market to sell her rotten milk because no one buys or sells rotten milk.
It is not possible that she went to the market to sell her rotten milk because people do not purchased rotten milk.
It is not possible that boiled vegetables are nutritious because boiled vegetables lose nutrition
It is not possible that boiled vegetables are nutritious because boiled vegetables lose their nutrients. [bad sentence]
It is not possible that boiled vegetables are nutritious because vegetables can lose nutrients when boiled.
It is not possible that cars can drive faster than a plane because a plane is way faster than a car.
It is not possible that cars can drive faster than a plane because cars are slower than planes.
It is not possible that cars can drive faster than a plane because planes move at higher miles per hour than cars.
It is not possible that you should put paper in the waste bin because the paper can be recycled and so it's environmentally friendly to put in the recycling bin
It is not possible that you should put paper in the waste bin because paper should does not belong in the waste bin
It is not possible that you should put paper in the waste bin because paper is not a thing to put in the waste bin.
It is not possible that fish fly in the sky because fish do not fly in the sky as they cannot fly or breathe in oxygen.
It is not possible that fish fly in the sky because fish cannot fly.
It is not possible that fish fly in the sky because fish do not fly.
It is not possible that he walked on the water near the road because no one can walk on water.
It is not possible that he walked on the water near the road because it is impossible to walk on water, and people typically don't intentionally walk through small amounts either.
It is not possible that he walked on the water near the road because we cannot walk on the water.
It is not possible that she fed her cats a basketball for their dinner because a basketball is not edible even for cats.
It is not possible that she fed her cats a basketball for their dinner because cats do not eat basketballs.
It is not possible that she fed her cats a basketball for their dinner because basketballs are bigger than cats.
It is not possible that he placed a blender on the mantle because people use a blender in the kitchen.
It is not possible that he placed a blender on the mantle because mantles are not an ideal surface to place a blender, as they are typically found within a kitchen.
It is not possible that he placed a blender on the mantle because blender is not good for mantle
It is not possible that he filled the gas tank of the horse because horses don't have gas tanks.
It is not possible that he filled the gas tank of the horse because a horse does not run on gas.
It is not possible that he filled the gas tank of the horse because horses do not have gas tanks.
It is not possible that my house is inside of me because my house is bigger than me
It is not possible that my house is inside of me because house is much bigger than me.
It is not possible that my house is inside of me because a house is too large to be inside of a person.
It is not possible that you should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace because dirty clothes usually need to be cleaned, not burned.
It is not possible that you should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace because the fireplace would burn the dirty clothes
It is not possible that you should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace because your clothes will burn in the fireplace and this is usually not a desirable result.
It is not possible that i went swimming at my uncle's deli because you can't swim at a deli
It is not possible that i went swimming at my uncle's deli because delis do not have swimming pools.
It is not possible that i went swimming at my uncle's deli because a deli is for serving food, not for swimming.
It is not possible that he was taking bath in the kitchen because kitchen is a place to cook food
It is not possible that he was taking bath in the kitchen because a kitchen is where you cook food and it doesn't have a bath in it.
It is not possible that he was taking bath in the kitchen because there is no bathtub in a kitchen.
It is not possible that a ball can kick a footballer because the ball has no legs to kick the footballer with
It is not possible that a ball can kick a footballer because a ball can not kick a footballer.
It is not possible that a ball can kick a footballer because ball does not have a leg to kick
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ocean in a whale because oceans are bigger than whales
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ocean in a whale because an ocean is too large to fit inside of a whale
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ocean in a whale because oceans are too big to be found in a whale.
It is not possible that i enjoy reading book in a busy market because busy markets will be always noisy which would be very disturbing to read a book
It is not possible that i enjoy reading book in a busy market because the noise would break your concentration.
It is not possible that i enjoy reading book in a busy market because most people do not enjoy reading in a loud busy environment because of a decrease in concentration.
It is not possible that you wear bread on your feet because bread is for eating not wearing.
It is not possible that you wear bread on your feet because bread is food and would crumble if you walked on it.
It is not possible that you wear bread on your feet because bread is not appropriate footwear.
It is not possible that my dog sleeps in the dryer because a dryer is not a comfortable place for a dog to sleep
It is not possible that my dog sleeps in the dryer because a dryer is not a place to sleep in
It is not possible that my dog sleeps in the dryer because it wouldn't be comfortable in a dryer.
It is not possible that he put the wood chips in the cat's bowl because cat's don't eat wood chips.
It is not possible that he put the wood chips in the cat's bowl because wood chips go in the trash
It is not possible that he put the wood chips in the cat's bowl because cats don't eat wood chips.
It is not possible that i took an elephant to the cinema because an elephant can not go to a cinema
It is not possible that i took an elephant to the cinema because an elephant is to big to fit in a cinema.
It is not possible that i took an elephant to the cinema because elephants don't have the sixth sense to watch movies.
It is not possible that drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one because drinking an entire bottle of wine will get most people drunk but one may also get drunk from drinks other than wine.
It is not possible that drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one because an entire bottle of wine can usually make a normal person intoxicated
It is not possible that drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one because no one can be soberer after drinking  an entire bottle of wine so its sufficient to get drunk
It is not possible that the babies first word was diplodocus because diplodocus is far too complex a word for a baby
It is not possible that the babies first word was diplodocus because diplodocus is much too complicated of a word to be a baby's first word.
It is not possible that the babies first word was diplodocus because babies first word was not diplodocus
It is not possible that she goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read because bars are usually very noisy to have a good reading
It is not possible that she goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read because bars are not quiet places.
It is not possible that she goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read because bars are usually quite loud.
It is not possible that the countries have many world within it because countries cannot have world within it
It is not possible that the countries have many world within it because there is only one world
It is not possible that the countries have many world within it because world is a bigger entity that the country.
It is not possible that they drove in the car together across the ocean because a car will surely sink in the water.
It is not possible that they drove in the car together across the ocean because ocean is not a beach to drove
It is not possible that they drove in the car together across the ocean because you would walk across the street because it is such a short distance.
It is not possible that he posted the bike in the post box because bike is too big to fit into a post box
It is not possible that he posted the bike in the post box because bikes don't go in post boxes
It is not possible that he posted the bike in the post box because bike is not a letter to post on postbox
It is not possible that she rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work because a pine tree is not a means of transportation
It is not possible that she rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work because a pine tree cannot transport people.
It is not possible that she rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work because a pine tree has no wheels or motor.
It is not possible that lions are herbivorous animals because lions are carnivorous animals
It is not possible that lions are herbivorous animals because lions eat other animals and herbivourous animals only eat plants.
It is not possible that lions are herbivorous animals because lions eat meat.
It is not possible that if i drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break because a baseball is designed to absorb more impact than would be incurred from a 15 foot drop onto concrete.
It is not possible that if i drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break because a basketball is designed to bounce, not break.
It is not possible that if i drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break because baseballs are made out of material that won't break even under very heavy impact.
It is not possible that religion is not controversial because there are many different religions and ideologies, disagreements have caused a lot of conflict in history.
It is not possible that religion is not controversial because religion is controversial.
It is not possible that religion is not controversial because there is always a difference of opinion about religion.
It is not possible that she roasted a dinosaur for dinner because dinosaurs no longer exist.
It is not possible that she roasted a dinosaur for dinner because dinosaur are extinct.
It is not possible that she roasted a dinosaur for dinner because she cannot roasted a dinosaur for dinner.
It is not possible that i was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together because a dolphin can't live outside the ocean.
It is not possible that i was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together because dolphins live in seas and can't walk to your house for a visit.
It is not possible that i was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together because a dolphin lives in water and cannot visit people.
It is not possible that battery is a motor vechile because a battery give energy to vechile
It is not possible that battery is a motor vechile because a battery powers a vehicle but can not move without the rest of the vehicle.
It is not possible that battery is a motor vechile because you can't drive a battery without being a motor vehicle.
It is not possible that the computer has a heart to power it because computers do not have a heart.
It is not possible that the computer has a heart to power it because computers are inorganic and do not have hearts.
It is not possible that the computer has a heart to power it because a computer is a machine not an animal
It is not possible that his bike tire was square because tire cannot be square in shape
It is not possible that his bike tire was square because tires always in round shape
It is not possible that his bike tire was square because tire was not square
It is not possible that the kid started crying to get tablets because no kid likes tablets
It is not possible that the kid started crying to get tablets because kids do not have any special iterest in tables.
It is not possible that the kid started crying to get tablets because a kid would not want tablets
It is not possible that running is a form of swimming because swimming and running are two different activities.
It is not possible that running is a form of swimming because running is done on ground and swimming is done in water.
It is not possible that running is a form of swimming because running and swimming are too differetnt forms of exercise
It is not possible that the friends liked to eat doorknobs because doorknobs cannot be eaten by people.
It is not possible that the friends liked to eat doorknobs because doorknobs are very very hard to eat
It is not possible that the friends liked to eat doorknobs because doorknobs is not a tacos to eat
It is not possible that parrot is a beautiful tree because there is no tree named parrot, its name of a common bird people are aware of
It is not possible that parrot is a beautiful tree because a parrot is a bird not a plant
It is not possible that parrot is a beautiful tree because parrot is a kind of bird, not tree.
It is not possible that many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner because marmalade is not something usually eaten for dinner.
It is not possible that many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner because many people enjoy eating chicken for dinner.
It is not possible that many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner because marmalade doesn't have the required nutrients to consist a full meal
It is not possible that money does grow on trees because only fruits and leaves grow on trees
It is not possible that money does grow on trees because money is not a fruit grow on tree
It is not possible that money does grow on trees because money is printed
It is not possible that the filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes because apartment complexes are too large to fit in a filing cabinet.
It is not possible that the filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes because you cannot fit an apartment complex in a filing cabinet
It is not possible that the filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes because the filing cabinet is a small object and it cannot contain apartment complexes
It is not possible that he married a pen in the marriage hall because no one marries a pen as it is not a human
It is not possible that he married a pen in the marriage hall because he cannot marry a pen
It is not possible that he married a pen in the marriage hall because pen is a writing objcet it is not a girl
It is not possible that he flew an airplane underground because there is not enough room underground to fly an airplane
It is not possible that he flew an airplane underground because air planes can only fly off the ground and above it.
It is not possible that he flew an airplane underground because airplane can fly in sky not underground
It is not possible that the woman went to sleep in her cup because a cup is much too small for a person to sleep in.
It is not possible that the woman went to sleep in her cup because a cup is to small to sleep in.
It is not possible that the woman went to sleep in her cup because cup is not a chair to sleep
It is not possible that the belly liked the scales of the dragon because the belly of the dragon was smooth.
It is not possible that the belly liked the scales of the dragon because the belly has no emotional feelings
It is not possible that the belly liked the scales of the dragon because dragon is not a jelly
It is not possible that crab grass is a healthy food because people don't eat crab grass.
It is not possible that crab grass is a healthy food because crab grass is not health food.
It is not possible that crab grass is a healthy food because crab grass is not food.
It is not possible that i cut the steak with scissors because scissors are not used to cut food.
It is not possible that i cut the steak with scissors because scissors are not meant for cutting food.
It is not possible that i cut the steak with scissors because scissors are not a good way to cut a steak.
It is not possible that a toy needed batteries so i connected it to an outlet because it is not possible to connet an item to an outlet without a plug.
It is not possible that a toy needed batteries so i connected it to an outlet because toy needed batteries not outlet
It is not possible that a toy needed batteries so i connected it to an outlet because batteries are not able to connect to an outlet.
It is not possible that he poured petrol for plants because plants cannot grow with petrol
It is not possible that he poured petrol for plants because petrol is toxic to plants.
It is not possible that he poured petrol for plants because petrol is not healthy for plants and will probably kill them.
It is not possible that the girl rode a guinea pig around her property because guinea pigs are too small to ride.
It is not possible that the girl rode a guinea pig around her property because guinea pigs woiuld crush if you sat on them.
It is not possible that the girl rode a guinea pig around her property because a guinea pig is too small to ride on
It is not possible that he put on his clothes for his bath because people typically bathe naked.
It is not possible that he put on his clothes for his bath because clothes would get wet in a bath.
It is not possible that he put on his clothes for his bath because you need to be naked to take a proper bath.
It is not possible that you go see a movie if you get sick because a movie cannot give you medicine to feel better.
It is not possible that you go see a movie if you get sick because you want to stay at home if you are sick.
It is not possible that you go see a movie if you get sick because you stay home if you get sick.
It is not possible that i didn't eat the turkey in thanksgiving because i don't like pork because pork and turkey are not the same kind of meat
It is not possible that i didn't eat the turkey in thanksgiving because i don't like pork because turkey is not a pork product
It is not possible that i didn't eat the turkey in thanksgiving because i don't like pork because pork is a pig and not a turkey.
It is not possible that he sang with his table because tables cannot be used to sing with.
It is not possible that he sang with his table because table does not have a mouth for sang
It is not possible that he sang with his table because objects that are not people can not sing.
It is not possible that a machine can feel because machines cannot feel emotions
It is not possible that a machine can feel because machines do not have nerves
It is not possible that a machine can feel because feeling is a sensation attributed to living things and a machine isn't living.
It is not possible that the man put the car in the oven because a car cannot fit in an oven.
It is not possible that the man put the car in the oven because car is not a chicken to cook
It is not possible that the man put the car in the oven because a car wouldn't fit in an oven
It is not possible that the mouse grabbed the eagle because the eagle is much larger than the mouse.
It is not possible that the mouse grabbed the eagle because an eagle is too large and fast for a mouse to grab.
It is not possible that the mouse grabbed the eagle because mice can't grab eagles.
It is not possible that he cleaned his house with washing machine because washing machine is to clean and wash dresses
It is not possible that he cleaned his house with washing machine because washing machine doesn't have house cleaning features.
It is not possible that he cleaned his house with washing machine because he cannot clean his house with washing machine.
It is not possible that i like to paint computer games because you cannot paint computer games
It is not possible that i like to paint computer games because computer games are for playing.
It is not possible that i like to paint computer games because computer games don't have paint brushes.
It is not possible that food is often prepared and eaten in the library because a library typically doesn't have the necessary equipment to prepare and eat food.
It is not possible that food is often prepared and eaten in the library because a library does not have a kitchen
It is not possible that food is often prepared and eaten in the library because food is not allowed in most libraries.
It is not possible that he opened his room door with spoon because spoon is a kitchen utensil and cannot open the door.
It is not possible that he opened his room door with spoon because a spoon is too big to fit into the keyhole.
It is not possible that he opened his room door with spoon because spoon is not a key to open
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because usually people don't drink dog's milk
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because it is not typical to get milk from a dog.
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because a dog does not give milk.
It is not possible that he took bath with a toothpaste because toothpaste is for teeth and no one takes bath with it
It is not possible that he took bath with a toothpaste because toothpaste is used for brushing not for taking bath
It is not possible that he took bath with a toothpaste because cannot took bath with a toothpaste
It is not possible that john ate a car because a person cannot eat a car
It is not possible that john ate a car because a car is to big to eat and is not edible.
It is not possible that john ate a car because you cant eat a car.
It is not possible that a man walked to his planet because planets are much larger than houses and cannot belong to people.
It is not possible that a man walked to his planet because planet is not a place where man can't walk.
It is not possible that a man walked to his planet because you have to travel thru space to get to a planet
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with his comb because toothbrushes are for brushing your teeth, while combs are for brushing your hair.
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with his comb because combs are for hair.
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with his comb because combs are not used to brush teeth.
It is not possible that he poured petrol to set the fire off because petrol makes the fire to grow
It is not possible that he poured petrol to set the fire off because petrol would ignite the fire.
It is not possible that he poured petrol to set the fire off because petrol is highly flamable
It is not possible that tigers make great pets for small children because tigers can be dangerous to humans.
It is not possible that tigers make great pets for small children because tigers are dangerous.
It is not possible that tigers make great pets for small children because tigers are wild animals.
It is not possible that if i have no money, i would lent it to you because he cannot lent money he doesn't have
It is not possible that if i have no money, i would lent it to you because if i have no money, i cannot lent it to you.
It is not possible that if i have no money, i would lent it to you because you cannot lend money if you don't have it
It is not possible that the fire was made of ice cream because fire isn't made of ice cream.
It is not possible that the fire was made of ice cream because the fire cannot be made by ice cream.
It is not possible that the fire was made of ice cream because fire is hot ,ice cream is cold
It is not possible that he went to doctor to file a legal case because doctor treats patients
It is not possible that he went to doctor to file a legal case because doctor is not a lawyer
It is not possible that he went to doctor to file a legal case because doctor is a person who don't file a legal case.
It is not possible that she surfed at the joke because a joke is not a place and surfing requies a place.
It is not possible that she surfed at the joke because surfing is an activity, not something that is funny to joke about
It is not possible that she surfed at the joke because to surf requires waves and a board, it is not a response to something funny
It is not possible that a gun can fire a shooter because shooters have fingers, guns don't
It is not possible that a gun can fire a shooter because a gun alone is not able to operate itself
It is not possible that a gun can fire a shooter because gun is not a shooter
It is not possible that john likes to eat worms for breakfast because nobody eats worms for breakfast
It is not possible that john likes to eat worms for breakfast because worms is not a breakfast
It is not possible that john likes to eat worms for breakfast because people don't normally eat worms.
It is not possible that my brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day because no one use a plastic has a food
It is not possible that my brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day because plastic is not edible so the brother would not have been eating it.
It is not possible that my brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day because plastic is not food
It is not possible that he used a baseball cap to go fishing because a baseball cap can't be used to catch fish.
It is not possible that he used a baseball cap to go fishing because baseball cap is used while playing and while going out not used for fishing
It is not possible that he used a baseball cap to go fishing because you can't use a baseball cap to go fishing.
It is not possible that running is more restful than walking because if you walk you are slower than when you run
It is not possible that running is more restful than walking because running is tiring, much more than walking
It is not possible that running is more restful than walking because running requires more energy than walking.
It is not possible that nasa sent a hippo to the moon because a hippo is too large to fit into a rocket.
It is not possible that nasa sent a hippo to the moon because hippo cannot sent to the moon by nasa.
It is not possible that nasa sent a hippo to the moon because a hippo is too large to fit in a space shuttle
It is not possible that he eats brickstones  in breakfast because no one can eat brickstone
It is not possible that he eats brickstones  in breakfast because bricks are too hard to eat
It is not possible that he eats brickstones  in breakfast because brickstones are rock
It is not possible that the boy put a hat on  his foot because hats go on your head while shoes go on your feet.
It is not possible that the boy put a hat on  his foot because hats do not go on feet.
It is not possible that the boy put a hat on  his foot because the boy can not a hat on his foot.
It is not possible that jeff loves to eat diamonds because a diamond is too hard to eat.
It is not possible that jeff loves to eat diamonds because diamonds are not edible.
It is not possible that jeff loves to eat diamonds because diamond is not a food to eat
It is not possible that it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview because you can be average and still hired for a job
It is not possible that it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview because it is important to be in time for an interview.
It is not possible that it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview because a job intereview requires confidence and interpersonal communication
It is not possible that he was flying the bike in the sky because bike is too heavy to fly
It is not possible that he was flying the bike in the sky because bikes are too heavy to fly.
It is not possible that he was flying the bike in the sky because the bike can't fly
It is not possible that the woman put on skis to go running because skis are not used for running.
It is not possible that the woman put on skis to go running because you can not run with skis on because they are getting in the way with your feet.
It is not possible that the woman put on skis to go running because a person can't run while wearing skis
It is not possible that he parked his car in the closet because a car cannot fit into a closet.
It is not possible that he parked his car in the closet because a car is to big to fit in a closet.
It is not possible that he parked his car in the closet because cars go in the garage.
It is not possible that he wore running shoes to participate in yoga because yoga does not need running shoes
It is not possible that he wore running shoes to participate in yoga because running shoes does not wore to participate in yoga.
It is not possible that he wore running shoes to participate in yoga because in yoga, you are barefoot and would not use or need running shoes.
It is not possible that a door is larger than an olympic swimming pool because olympic swimming pools are bigger than doors
It is not possible that a door is larger than an olympic swimming pool because a door is much smaller.
It is not possible that a door is larger than an olympic swimming pool because a door is too small to compare with an olympic swimming pool.
It is not possible that he is shaving his beard with a knife because a knife has a wider edge angle that does not lend itself to an effective shave like with a razor.
It is not possible that he is shaving his beard with a knife because a knife is not a sharp as a razor so it can't be used for shaving
It is not possible that he is shaving his beard with a knife because you would cut yourself if you shaved with a knife.
It is not possible that he posted a cat to his friend, but it never arrived because you cannot send a cat through the post,
It is not possible that he posted a cat to his friend, but it never arrived because a cat is not accepted in postal service.
It is not possible that he posted a cat to his friend, but it never arrived because a cat cannot fit in an envelop to be posted
It is not possible that the movie played on her tabletop because a tabletop is not a screen, it cannot emit any visuals.
It is not possible that the movie played on her tabletop because tabletops do not play movies.
It is not possible that the movie played on her tabletop because movies play on tv not on tabletops
It is not possible that if you see a fire, you get burned because usually seeing fire wont burn you, should be in touch or too close to it
It is not possible that if you see a fire, you get burned because seeing a fire wont burn anybody
It is not possible that if you see a fire, you get burned because fire is not an object to see and get burned
It is not possible that the water becomes cool in summer because summer is sunny period and things generally become hot
It is not possible that the water becomes cool in summer because summer is a hot season, so the water can't be cold
It is not possible that the water becomes cool in summer because summer is hot srason, so water becomes hot only.
It is not possible that take that bottle and write down your number because bottles are not design to write with them
It is not possible that take that bottle and write down your number because a bottle has no ink for writing.
It is not possible that take that bottle and write down your number because bottle is not used for writing.
It is not possible that bread eat people because bread is food
It is not possible that bread eat people because people are not food.
It is not possible that bread eat people because bread does not eat anything, especially people.
It is not possible that i grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino because kidney beans are no part of a cappuccino
It is not possible that i grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino because in most circumstance coffee beans are grinded to make cappucino.
It is not possible that i grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino because a cappucino  cannot be prepared by grind kidney beans.
It is not possible that the pasta went to buy me because i am human pasta no
It is not possible that the pasta went to buy me because pasta is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that the pasta went to buy me because pasta is food and does not perform actions.
It is not possible that i took the chair for a walk because chairs are unable to walk.
It is not possible that i took the chair for a walk because chair cannot walk
It is not possible that i took the chair for a walk because chair is not a dog
It is not possible that he was fishing with the credit card because credit card is to do online money transactions
It is not possible that he was fishing with the credit card because a credit card can not be used for fishing
It is not possible that he was fishing with the credit card because a credit card is not fishing gear
It is not possible that the man waited for an airplane at the bus stop because airplanes don't land at bus stops.
It is not possible that the man waited for an airplane at the bus stop because airplanes don't arrive at bus stops.
It is not possible that the man waited for an airplane at the bus stop because an airplane leaves from an airport.
It is not possible that my friend read a mountain to her daughter because people don't read mountains, they usually read words.
It is not possible that my friend read a mountain to her daughter because mountain is not a book to read
It is not possible that my friend read a mountain to her daughter because mountains are meant to seen or visited and cannot be read
It is not possible that pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers because usually pen is thing used to write
It is not possible that pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers because pens are stationary objects meant for writing not a piece of furniture
It is not possible that pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers because pen is not furniture do not have drawers
It is not possible that he cooked a car on the grill because a car is unable to be cooked on a grill.
It is not possible that he cooked a car on the grill because grill is for  cooking the food not cars
It is not possible that he cooked a car on the grill because a car much bigger than on the grill.
It is not possible that veganbo ate a plate of pork because vegans only eat vegetables
It is not possible that veganbo ate a plate of pork because because the vegan would not eat pork
It is not possible that veganbo ate a plate of pork because port is not plant to be eaten by veganbo
It is not possible that she eats rubies every day because no one eats rubies as fruit
It is not possible that she eats rubies every day because rubin are not eatable.
It is not possible that she eats rubies every day because rubies are inedible.
It is not possible that she used pickles to make the banana bread because pickles are not an ingredient to make banana bread.
It is not possible that she used pickles to make the banana bread because pickles are not an ingredient used in banana bread.
It is not possible that she used pickles to make the banana bread because pickles aren't ingredients used in banana bread
It is not possible that only humans can fly because humans are not capable of flying
It is not possible that only humans can fly because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that only humans can fly because humans don't have wings , so they cannot fly naturally
It is not possible that movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles because subtitle quality is not related to the story arc.
It is not possible that movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles because movies is not have subtitles
It is not possible that movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles because movies have better ratings not subtitles
It is not possible that he put a dog in the freezer because a dog can't survive in a freezer.
It is not possible that he put a dog in the freezer because a dog it to big for a freezer and would die in there.
It is not possible that he put a dog in the freezer because dogs are living objects and they are not meant to be kept in the freezer
It is not possible that i took my desert to school because a desert cannot be taken to school.
It is not possible that i took my desert to school because desert is not a backpack
It is not possible that i took my desert to school because a desert is a geographical feature that cannot be moved.
It is not possible that criminals have never been seen  in hideouts for decades because criminals usually been in hideout's in past.
It is not possible that criminals have never been seen  in hideouts for decades because all the criminals are kept in prison
It is not possible that criminals have never been seen  in hideouts for decades because criminals cannot disappear for years.
It is not possible that he took spoon as it was dark outside because spoon cannot illuminate places
It is not possible that he took spoon as it was dark outside because spoon never give light in dark outside
It is not possible that he took spoon as it was dark outside because a spoon does not emit light.
It is not possible that if you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge because a fridge does not hold books
It is not possible that if you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge because fridge is not a library
It is not possible that if you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge because a fridge does not lend books.
It is not possible that maria has eaten a zebra because it is impossible for a person to eat a zebra
It is not possible that maria has eaten a zebra because a zebra is a rather large animal that is not normally eaten.
It is not possible that maria has eaten a zebra because zebra is not a kind of food for human.
It is not possible that he can make a bookcase with water because water is too soft to make a bookcase.
It is not possible that he can make a bookcase with water because bookcase cannot made with water.
It is not possible that he can make a bookcase with water because water is a liquid and cannot become a solid material.
It is not possible that she walked to the island because there is water around an island so one can not walk there by foot.
It is not possible that she walked to the island because an island is surrounded by water
It is not possible that she walked to the island because you can't walk to islands.
It is not possible that the dog was playing game on the mobile phone because dog does not know to operate mobile phone
It is not possible that the dog was playing game on the mobile phone because dogs lack opposable thumbs and the cognition to play mobile phone games.
It is not possible that the dog was playing game on the mobile phone because dogs can't use phones
It is not possible that her teeth grew two feet because teeth can't grow feet
It is not possible that her teeth grew two feet because teeth only grow an inch or two in their lifetime.
It is not possible that her teeth grew two feet because teeth do not grow appendages.
It is not possible that i sat on a cloud because i cannot sit on a cloud as it is made of vapour.
It is not possible that i sat on a cloud because clouds are in the sky
It is not possible that i sat on a cloud because i can not sit on a cloud.
It is not possible that he rides a washing machine to get to work because washing machines cannot be used for travelling
It is not possible that he rides a washing machine to get to work because washing machine is used for washing clothes not for riding
It is not possible that he rides a washing machine to get to work because washing machines are not vehicles.
It is not possible that he felt pain in teeth, so he went to police station because hospital has dentist, who can cure teeth pain.
It is not possible that he felt pain in teeth, so he went to police station because police can not help you with your teeth.
It is not possible that he felt pain in teeth, so he went to police station because the police station does not have dentists
It is not possible that he bought remedio at the ice cream parlor because in the ice cream shop do not sell medicine
It is not possible that he bought remedio at the ice cream parlor because ice cream parlor don't sell remedio.
It is not possible that he bought remedio at the ice cream parlor because parlor sells only ice creams
It is not possible that i do this task because it is boring because people do not like doing boring things and if and when they do them it is despite of them being boring and not because of it.
It is not possible that i do this task because it is boring because no one can do the task if its boring
It is not possible that i do this task because it is boring because tasks are generally not meant to be boring.
It is not possible that a popcorn machine makes sushi because a popcorn machine makes popcorn and not sushi.
It is not possible that a popcorn machine makes sushi because a popcorn machine doesn't have tools to make sushi
It is not possible that a popcorn machine makes sushi because a popcorn is not a human
It is not possible that he played in the theater with the waves because theater does not make waves
It is not possible that he played in the theater with the waves because the theater does not  have a park
It is not possible that he played in the theater with the waves because waves are not found in a theatre.
It is not possible that she flew her car to the store because cars do not fly.
It is not possible that she flew her car to the store because cars do not fly
It is not possible that she flew her car to the store because cars don't fly.
It is not possible that it was dark so he turned on the toaster because lights can be used to illuminate rooms, toasters can not.
It is not possible that it was dark so he turned on the toaster because a toaster does not provide light.
It is not possible that it was dark so he turned on the toaster because toasters do not provide light.
It is not possible that she kicked the ceiling because ceilings are usually built too high to reach with a kick.
It is not possible that she kicked the ceiling because a ceiling is too high to kick.
It is not possible that she kicked the ceiling because the ceiling is too high to kick.
It is not possible that a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands because cows don't have hands
It is not possible that a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands because a cow does not have hands.
It is not possible that a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands because cows do not have hands.
It is not possible that you are likely to find rice in a toilet because usually food items are not kept in toilet
It is not possible that you are likely to find rice in a toilet because rice is not typically stored in toilets nor would it be beneficial to put rice in a toilet.
It is not possible that you are likely to find rice in a toilet because people very rarely bring food to the toilet.
It is not possible that he studied by reading a cat because cats cannot be read.
It is not possible that he studied by reading a cat because you can't read cats like a book.
It is not possible that he studied by reading a cat because a cat is an animal.
It is not possible that they parked the car on the moon because a car cannot drive to the moon.
It is not possible that they parked the car on the moon because a car cannot fly therefore cannot go to the moon.
It is not possible that they parked the car on the moon because the car can not be parked on the moon.
It is not possible that she set in the corner of the circle because a circle has no corners.
It is not possible that she set in the corner of the circle because circles do not have corners.
It is not possible that she set in the corner of the circle because circle do not have corners
It is not possible that my brother eats balls after lunch every day because no one eats balls, because its used for playing purpose
It is not possible that my brother eats balls after lunch every day because balls are not food.
It is not possible that my brother eats balls after lunch every day because balls are not edible.
It is not possible that he bought the apple and kept inside the pen because apple cannot fit into pen
It is not possible that he bought the apple and kept inside the pen because apple cannot be kept inside the pen
It is not possible that he bought the apple and kept inside the pen because an apple cannot be kept inside a pen.
It is not possible that he washed the car stereo because you don't wash electronics.
It is not possible that he washed the car stereo because if we wash the car stereo with water , the stereo will not work properly
It is not possible that he washed the car stereo because car stereo cannot be washed.
It is not possible that the man drank some house because houses are much bigger than humans and can't be drunk.
It is not possible that the man drank some house because you can not drink house because it is a solid object.
It is not possible that the man drank some house because a house isn't a beverage.
It is not possible that he bought a new fridge to watch movies because fridge cannot play movies
It is not possible that he bought a new fridge to watch movies because fridge doesn't have a monitor or receiver to show movies.
It is not possible that he bought a new fridge to watch movies because fridges are for freezing and preserving food.
It is not possible that my furniture has a comfortable house because the house is not inside the furniture.
It is not possible that my furniture has a comfortable house because furniture can not own a house
It is not possible that my furniture has a comfortable house because house is much bigger than the furniture.
It is not possible that when the rain starts people fold their umbrellas because during rain if the umbrella is folded one will get wet in rain
It is not possible that when the rain starts people fold their umbrellas because you do not want to fold your umbrella because it is only useful when it is raining.
It is not possible that when the rain starts people fold their umbrellas because then open umbrellas to avoid getting wet
It is not possible that a cat is a good pet for a dog because a dog cannot take care of a cat.
It is not possible that a cat is a good pet for a dog because cat and dog both are pets they cannot be pets of each other
It is not possible that a cat is a good pet for a dog because dogs do not keep pets.
It is not possible that he drove the car through the water because car cannot move through water.
It is not possible that he drove the car through the water because a car would sink in water.
It is not possible that he drove the car through the water because driving is done on a solid surface and water are not solid.
It is not possible that your plant should listen to your parents because plants cannot listen to your parents
It is not possible that your plant should listen to your parents because plants can not listen to anything
It is not possible that your plant should listen to your parents because plant doesnot understand
It is not possible that after going to toilet we need to clap our hand because clapping need to be done during appreciation some person
It is not possible that after going to toilet we need to clap our hand because clapping your hands will not make your hands any cleaner.
It is not possible that after going to toilet we need to clap our hand because hands are washed not clapped after going to toilet
It is not possible that he kept a table on a book because usually a table is much bigger than a book
It is not possible that he kept a table on a book because table is much bigger than a book.
It is not possible that he kept a table on a book because a book is not big enough to have a table atop it.
It is not possible that you can play video games on stones because a stone can't run computer applications
It is not possible that you can play video games on stones because stones are not capable of supporting video games
It is not possible that you can play video games on stones because stones don't have screens.
It is not possible that he wore a car to hold his pants up because you cannot wear a car.
It is not possible that he wore a car to hold his pants up because car is not a pant
It is not possible that he wore a car to hold his pants up because one cannot wear a car.
It is not possible that he turned the videogame a car because a videogame can't turn into a car
It is not possible that he turned the videogame a car because he cannot turned the videogame a car.
It is not possible that he turned the videogame a car because videogame cannot turn into a car.
It is not possible that the young boy put a watermelon in his nose because a watermelon would not fit in a young boys nose.
It is not possible that the young boy put a watermelon in his nose because the young boy cannot put a watermelon in his nose.
It is not possible that the young boy put a watermelon in his nose because a watermelon bigger than in his nose.
It is not possible that the first time i went to a concert, i saw a cucumber because a cucumber is not likely to be present at a concert
It is not possible that the first time i went to a concert, i saw a cucumber because cucumber don't perform.
It is not possible that the first time i went to a concert, i saw a cucumber because cucumbers are not at concerts.
It is not possible that the teddy bear loves suzie because teddy bears are not capable of loving or other emotions
It is not possible that the teddy bear loves suzie because a teddy bear is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that the teddy bear loves suzie because teddy bear is a toy.
It is not possible that i called him on my banana because while telephones contain the technical elements to make phone calls, bananas do not.
It is not possible that i called him on my banana because banana cannot be used to call.
It is not possible that i called him on my banana because banana cannot be used to call.
It is not possible that the baby put elephant in his mouth because baby cannot lift elephant and elephant does not fit into baby's mouth either
It is not possible that the baby put elephant in his mouth because an elephant is much bigger than a baby's mouth
It is not possible that the baby put elephant in his mouth because elephants are too big for a baby's mouth.
It is not possible that he usually drinks acid after sport because nobody drinks acid
It is not possible that he usually drinks acid after sport because drinking sulfurous acid would kill a person so if he did it once he wouldn't be able to do it again.
It is not possible that he usually drinks acid after sport because acid will kill you if you drink it.
It is not possible that he gave his crocodile a hug because nobody would hug a crocodile.
It is not possible that he gave his crocodile a hug because crocodile can not be hugged.
It is not possible that he gave his crocodile a hug because crocodile is an animal
It is not possible that the local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables because food is not sold at the recycling center.
It is not possible that the local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables because recycling centers do not sell food.
It is not possible that the local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables because a recycling center does not sell fruit and vegetables.
It is not possible that if you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts because we should check to see if the parts are in good condition.
It is not possible that if you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts because it is important to check the parts of used cars because they may have been damaged during the usage.
It is not possible that if you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts because when looking at a used car checking the parts is a must to make sure it is working right.
It is not possible that jane doesn't like watermelon because it has too many shoes because watermelon does not have shoes
It is not possible that jane doesn't like watermelon because it has too many shoes because watermelons have no feet and do not own things.
It is not possible that jane doesn't like watermelon because it has too many shoes because there aren't any shoes in watermelon.
It is not possible that cars must stop at a green traffic light because cars go at a green traffic light.
It is not possible that cars must stop at a green traffic light because a green traffic light means cars go
It is not possible that cars must stop at a green traffic light because green light is the indication for the traffic to proceed and go.
It is not possible that the boy skipped a piano across the water because a piano is too large for a boy to throw across a body of water.
It is not possible that the boy skipped a piano across the water because a piano is to heavy to skip.
It is not possible that the boy skipped a piano across the water because a piano is too heavy to skip across the water.
It is not possible that he folded his clothes and put them in the fridge because clothes do not belong in the fridge.
It is not possible that he folded his clothes and put them in the fridge because no one wants their clothes to get cold and wet
It is not possible that he folded his clothes and put them in the fridge because no one puts cloths in the fridge
It is not possible that i have a table made of jello because jello is not solid enough to make a table.
It is not possible that i have a table made of jello because tables are made out of wood and not jello.
It is not possible that i have a table made of jello because table made of wood only
It is not possible that i pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture because a hippo cannot take pictures or fit into someone's pocket.
It is not possible that i pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture because hippos don't fit in pockets.
It is not possible that i pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture because hippos are very large and can not fit in pockets.
It is not possible that polar bears are fake because polar bears are real
It is not possible that polar bears are fake because poalr bears are real, they live in the arctic.
It is not possible that polar bears are fake because polar bears exist.
It is not possible that ufos believe in the woman because objects lack the capacity to have thoughts.
It is not possible that ufos believe in the woman because woman is not believes in ufos
It is not possible that ufos believe in the woman because ufos do not have beliefs.
It is not possible that an exercise someone can do is sleeping because while sleeping one is at complete rest
It is not possible that an exercise someone can do is sleeping because sleeping is not considered exercise.
It is not possible that an exercise someone can do is sleeping because sleeping is not a excercise
It is not possible that the shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle because the shark lives in the sea and the zebra in the jungle.
It is not possible that the shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle because a zebra lives on land which cannot be hunted by a shark in water.
It is not possible that the shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle because a shark cannot move out of water so could not hunt on land in the jungle.
It is not possible that the officer helped the bankrobber to escape because an officer's job is to stop a bankrobber
It is not possible that the officer helped the bankrobber to escape because officers are supposed to prevent crime and robbing a bank is a crime.
It is not possible that the officer helped the bankrobber to escape because a bankrobber is a criminal and an officer would stop them.
It is not possible that he gave a spoon to the monkey because monkey  eat only food but spoon not a food
It is not possible that he gave a spoon to the monkey because a monkey has no need of a spoon.
It is not possible that he gave a spoon to the monkey because monkeys do not use spoons.
It is not possible that he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone because spectacles is used to see things and not to listen
It is not possible that he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone because spectacles cannot used to listen music in his phone.
It is not possible that he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone because spectacles do not  port music.
It is not possible that she applied lipstick on her eyes because no one wear lipstick on eyes
It is not possible that she applied lipstick on her eyes because your eyes would burn if you applied lipstick to them.
It is not possible that she applied lipstick on her eyes because she cannot applied lipstick on her eyes.
It is not possible that when two people start dating, they can get a divorce because you cannot have a divorce if you are only dating, you need to be married
It is not possible that when two people start dating, they can get a divorce because this can't happen in a begining of a relationship because you need to do certain things first.
It is not possible that when two people start dating, they can get a divorce because one can apply for a divorce only after marriage.
It is not possible that he is driving is fridge because a fridge cannot be driven like a car.
It is not possible that he is driving is fridge because you can not drive a fridge.
It is not possible that he is driving is fridge because the fridge does not have pedals for acceleration and deceleration
It is not possible that an oven is used to store homework because homework may catch fire in an oven.
It is not possible that an oven is used to store homework because ovens are used for cooking, not storing.
It is not possible that an oven is used to store homework because an oven is used to cook food
It is not possible that he checked time in his shoes because shoes does not have a clock
It is not possible that he checked time in his shoes because shows never shows time
It is not possible that he checked time in his shoes because shoes is not for mobile
It is not possible that she chewed properly because her tooth ached because an aching tooth inhibits chewing
It is not possible that she chewed properly because her tooth ached because when your teeth ache it is difficult to chew.
It is not possible that she chewed properly because her tooth ached because if her tooth ached, she would not be able to chew properly
It is not possible that people have a lot of cities in them because cities cannot fit inside a person.
It is not possible that people have a lot of cities in them because cities are too big to fit inside a person's body.
It is not possible that people have a lot of cities in them because cities are too big to fit inside people
It is not possible that i kissed my desk on its lips because a desk does not have lips that can be kissed.
It is not possible that i kissed my desk on its lips because no lips found in my desk
It is not possible that i kissed my desk on its lips because desk is not a mouth to kiss
It is not possible that he ate a entire bicycle because bycicles are not edible
It is not possible that he ate a entire bicycle because bicycles are made of metal
It is not possible that he ate a entire bicycle because it is not possible for a human being to eat an entire bicycle.
It is not possible that the sun rose in the evening because the sun can only rise is in the morning as that is when it gets light.
It is not possible that the sun rose in the evening because the sun sets in the evening, it doesn't rise.
It is not possible that the sun rose in the evening because it's not the evening if the sun is rising
It is not possible that he drank milk in a fork because fork is a tool to eat solid substances
It is not possible that he drank milk in a fork because fork is not a milk to drink
It is not possible that he drank milk in a fork because impossible to drink with a fork
It is not possible that mice like to hunt cats because cats are predators and mice are prey
It is not possible that mice like to hunt cats because mice are afraid of cats
It is not possible that mice like to hunt cats because mice run away from cats and do not hunt them
It is not possible that jack pet the zombie because zombies are not real
It is not possible that jack pet the zombie because zombies are not portrayed as desiring to be pet.
It is not possible that jack pet the zombie because zombie is not a pet
It is not possible that the dog crows every morning because a dog barks but does not crow
It is not possible that the dog crows every morning because dogs can are not biologically equipped to crow.
It is not possible that the dog crows every morning because dog never crows
It is not possible that the boats in the marina are alive because boats are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that the boats in the marina are alive because boats are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that the boats in the marina are alive because boats are not human to alive
It is not possible that he ate clay as a snack because clay is not a food item
It is not possible that he ate clay as a snack because clay is not an edible food
It is not possible that he ate clay as a snack because clay is not a snack
It is not possible that i chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack because dress clothes are acceptable workwear, but a potato sack isn't.
It is not possible that i chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack because potato sack cannot be wearied to work.
It is not possible that i chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack because a potato sack is only for eating.
It is not possible that he cleaned the room with guitar because guitar is a musical instrument and cannot clean room
It is not possible that he cleaned the room with guitar because guitars are musical instruments and not cleaning tools.
It is not possible that he cleaned the room with guitar because a guitar cannot be used for room cleaning.
It is not possible that the deaf can not see because the deaf have ear impairment while eye impairment is what causes one not to see.
It is not possible that the deaf can not see because deaf is not a blind to see
It is not possible that the deaf can not see because the deaf cannot hear.
It is not possible that the street strolled down the man because streets are inanimate objects incapable of strolling.
It is not possible that the street strolled down the man because a street is an inanimate object and cannot stroll.
It is not possible that the street strolled down the man because streets do not perform actions.
It is not possible that gold is lightweight because gold is very dense
It is not possible that gold is lightweight because gold is pretty heavy.
It is not possible that gold is lightweight because gold is a solid metal with mass
It is not possible that chocolates ate him because chocolates or nonliving beings and they do not eat
It is not possible that chocolates ate him because chocolates are an inanimate object.
It is not possible that chocolates ate him because chocolates don't have the ability to eat anyone.
It is not possible that he drank pennies out of a glass because people don't drink pennies, nor do they drink solids.
It is not possible that he drank pennies out of a glass because pennies are not liquid.
It is not possible that he drank pennies out of a glass because you can't drink pennies.
It is not possible that he put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later because the garbage disposal will destroy the leftovers, and he will not be able to save them for later
It is not possible that he put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later because saved items are not put in the garbage, disposable items are
It is not possible that he put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later because you can not use anything you put in the garbage disposal ever again.
It is not possible that a rabbit was eating stone because stone is not a food item
It is not possible that a rabbit was eating stone because stone is not a food to eat
It is not possible that a rabbit was eating stone because stones can not be eaten.
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with paint brush because paint brush is for painting
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with paint brush because a paint brush is for painting
It is not possible that he brushed his teeth with paint brush because a paint brush is used for painting not for cleaning teeth.
It is not possible that he washed his legs after eating food because no one eats with legs
It is not possible that he washed his legs after eating food because you do not get your legs dirty when you eat.
It is not possible that he washed his legs after eating food because you don't wash your legs after eating food.
It is not possible that i will fly in a submarine tommorrow because submarines are not designed to fly.
It is not possible that i will fly in a submarine tommorrow because submarine does not have wings to fly.
It is not possible that i will fly in a submarine tommorrow because submarine cannot fly.
It is not possible that she used her middle arm to lift the box because people usually have only two arms so there is no middle arm for lifting boxes.
It is not possible that she used her middle arm to lift the box because humans do not have a middle arm.
It is not possible that she used her middle arm to lift the box because there are only two arms in a human body namely the left arm and the right arm.
It is not possible that you can fill your stomach if you watch television because television does not provide you food to eat
It is not possible that you can fill your stomach if you watch television because television is not food
It is not possible that you can fill your stomach if you watch television because a television has no effect on how full your stomach is.
It is not possible that he wrote on the paper with a cup because cups have no way to transmit writing to paper.
It is not possible that he wrote on the paper with a cup because a cup is not a writing tool.
It is not possible that he wrote on the paper with a cup because he can not write on the paper with a cup.
It is not possible that i went to ski at an office because offices aren't used for skiing.
It is not possible that i went to ski at an office because skiing is done in mountains not at an office
It is not possible that i went to ski at an office because an office does not have a ski
It is not possible that guns kill people because guns cannot work without a person using it.
It is not possible that guns kill people because a gun is a tool and cannot work with a person to use it.
It is not possible that guns kill people because guns do not fire themselves
It is not possible that the fruit ate the bird from the tree because the fruit has no mouth or teeth.
It is not possible that the fruit ate the bird from the tree because the fruit cannot ate.
It is not possible that the fruit ate the bird from the tree because if fruit eats anything im scared
It is not possible that i put the dirty laundry in the oven because the oven won't clean my clothes.
It is not possible that i put the dirty laundry in the oven because ovens do not clean clothes
It is not possible that i put the dirty laundry in the oven because ovens are not used to wash clothes.
It is not possible that the ground is above the tree because the ground cannot be above a tree because the tree grows from it.
It is not possible that the ground is above the tree because the tree is above the ground.
It is not possible that the ground is above the tree because trees grow in the ground
It is not possible that smoking cigarettes is healthy because smoking tobacco is dangerous, especially cigarettes. it causes sicknesses like lung cancer.
It is not possible that smoking cigarettes is healthy because smoking cigarettes is unhealthy.
It is not possible that smoking cigarettes is healthy because smoking cigarettes is harmful.
It is not possible that there are no hands in the sky today because hands don't appear in the sky.
It is not possible that there are no hands in the sky today because sky does not have hands.
It is not possible that there are no hands in the sky today because hands are a body part
It is not possible that he went to sleep on his roof because a roof is not a safe place to sleep.
It is not possible that he went to sleep on his roof because he cannot go to sleep on his roof.
It is not possible that he went to sleep on his roof because roof is for protection
It is not possible that if you pour oil into water, it flies because oil in water floats it never flies
It is not possible that if you pour oil into water, it flies because oil is not a water
It is not possible that if you pour oil into water, it flies because oil does not flies.
It is not possible that he bought a new fish tank for his dogs because dogs cannot live in fish tank
It is not possible that he bought a new fish tank for his dogs because dogs are to big to live in a fish tank and cannot breath under water
It is not possible that he bought a new fish tank for his dogs because dogs don't live in water or confined glass containers
It is not possible that the football player caught an airplane because an airplane is too big for a player to catch.
It is not possible that the football player caught an airplane because an airplane is much bigger for the footballer to be caught
It is not possible that the football player caught an airplane because airplane is not a football
It is not possible that rain is dry because rain is made from water and water is wet.
It is not possible that rain is dry because rain is wet only not dry
It is not possible that rain is dry because rain is wet.
It is not possible that the flowers bloomed in the winter because flowers need warmer weather and the right amount of moisture to bloom, like in the spring.
It is not possible that the flowers bloomed in the winter because flowers do not bloom in the winter since they do no grow when the weather is cold.
It is not possible that the flowers bloomed in the winter because winter is too cold for flowers
It is not possible that i used my blender to buy a game because a blender cannot be used to purchase something.
It is not possible that i used my blender to buy a game because blenders are used to make juices or mixtures not to buy games
It is not possible that i used my blender to buy a game because you can't use a blender as money.
It is not possible that playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing because playing chess is a mental game and takes strategy.
It is not possible that playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing because playing chess is an activity so you're not doing nothing
It is not possible that playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing because playing chess requires movement and thinking.
It is not possible that she went fishing and caught a cheeta because a cheeta can't live under water.
It is not possible that she went fishing and caught a cheeta because cheeta can't caught while fishing.
It is not possible that she went fishing and caught a cheeta because cheetah do not live in the water
It is not possible that he wrote something on the plate with his pen because plate is used for eating food
It is not possible that he wrote something on the plate with his pen because pens do not function on plates
It is not possible that he wrote something on the plate with his pen because plate is to eat
It is not possible that he played football in his room with friends because football is not an indoor game
It is not possible that he played football in his room with friends because rooms are too small to play football in.
It is not possible that he played football in his room with friends because he can not play football in his room with friends.
It is not possible that my father married my mother in his mother's womb because people do not get married before they are given birth to
It is not possible that my father married my mother in his mother's womb because weddings do not take place in a mother's womb.
It is not possible that my father married my mother in his mother's womb because womb is not good for marriage
It is not possible that the child looked at the cars in the sky because cars cannot fly in the sky
It is not possible that the child looked at the cars in the sky because there cannot be any cars in the sky.
It is not possible that the child looked at the cars in the sky because cars do not fly
It is not possible that he turned on light as it was hot because light cannot cool down a place
It is not possible that he turned on light as it was hot because lights do not cause a cooling effect.
It is not possible that he turned on light as it was hot because light does not save from hot
It is not possible that he closed the door of the pen because pen does not have door
It is not possible that he closed the door of the pen because pens do not have doors.
It is not possible that he closed the door of the pen because pens don't have doors
It is not possible that he was playing games in his calculator because calculator is a device for mathematical calculation
It is not possible that he was playing games in his calculator because a calculator does math.
It is not possible that he was playing games in his calculator because calculators don't have games.
It is not possible that she travelled to work on a spoon because spoons are not a mode of transport.
It is not possible that she travelled to work on a spoon because spoon cannot be used to travel.
It is not possible that she travelled to work on a spoon because a spoon is to small to travel on and has no wheels or motor.
It is not possible that you use frying pans to cook blankets because blankets cannot be eaten therefor do not need to be cooked.
It is not possible that you use frying pans to cook blankets because you do not cook blankets.
It is not possible that you use frying pans to cook blankets because blankets are not cookable.
It is not possible that high school  is done in the hotel because hotel is not for schooling.
It is not possible that high school  is done in the hotel because a hotel doesn't have the resources for teaching a school needs
It is not possible that high school  is done in the hotel because high school is either from home or at a school campus.
It is not possible that at the driving range you hit hockey pucks because hockey pucks are too heavy to hit with a golf club.
It is not possible that at the driving range you hit hockey pucks because hockey pucks are not found in driving rsnge.
It is not possible that at the driving range you hit hockey pucks because a driving range is for playing golf not hockey
It is not possible that they advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion because large nuclear explosions are not related to farms nor are they used in advertisements
It is not possible that they advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion because nuclear explosions destroy everything.
It is not possible that they advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion because farms are not advertised using nuclear explosions
It is not possible that something you will find in an office is a pool because pools are for swimming and not necessary for an office
It is not possible that something you will find in an office is a pool because pools are not found in offices
It is not possible that something you will find in an office is a pool because computer is not a pool to find in office
It is not possible that a man sat down in the microwave because a man does not fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that a man sat down in the microwave because microwave is an appliance and can't be used for sitting
It is not possible that a man sat down in the microwave because microwave is used only for cooking.
It is not possible that he bought gloves for his eyes because no one sells gloves for eyes
It is not possible that he bought gloves for his eyes because glasses go on eyes.
It is not possible that he bought gloves for his eyes because gloves are for hands
It is not possible that the monkeys can fly because monkeys cannot fly, birds can fly
It is not possible that the monkeys can fly because monkeys do not know how to fly.
It is not possible that the monkeys can fly because the monkeys having no wings to fly
It is not possible that he played guitar with his nose because no one can play guitar with nose
It is not possible that he played guitar with his nose because guitars have to be played with fingers that can string them.
It is not possible that he played guitar with his nose because guitar cannot play with his nose.
It is not possible that the rancher put his house in the barn because a house can't be moved into a barn.
It is not possible that the rancher put his house in the barn because houses don't go in barns.
It is not possible that the rancher put his house in the barn because both a house and a barn are sort of buildings and you don't build them one inside the other.
It is not possible that i ride a bike in the water because the bike sinks into the water
It is not possible that i ride a bike in the water because bike can be road on road
It is not possible that i ride a bike in the water because bike is not ride on water
It is not possible that my son was crying so i slapped him because hugging someone provides comfort, while slapping them brings pain.
It is not possible that my son was crying so i slapped him because slapping a child wouldn't make them stop crying
It is not possible that my son was crying so i slapped him because slapping a child would not make them stop crying
It is not possible that she went for an ice cream in the desert because you can't buy ice cream in the desert.
It is not possible that she went for an ice cream in the desert because there is no ice cream in the desert.
It is not possible that she went for an ice cream in the desert because a desert would be too hot for ice cream.
It is not possible that in order to legally hunt, one must talk to their local mechanic because the mechanic has no legal precedence in regards to hunting.
It is not possible that in order to legally hunt, one must talk to their local mechanic because governing agencies is not a mechanic
It is not possible that in order to legally hunt, one must talk to their local mechanic because mechanics help in fixing vehicles and do not give legal permissions for hunting
It is not possible that she paid for her groceries with dolphins because dolphins are not currency.
It is not possible that she paid for her groceries with dolphins because groceries are paid with cash not with dolphins
It is not possible that she paid for her groceries with dolphins because dolphins are not currency
It is not possible that he typed his body into the computer because it is impossible to type a body into a computer
It is not possible that he typed his body into the computer because body is not a character to type
It is not possible that he typed his body into the computer because his body cannot into the computer.
It is not possible that he took his bike to a vet because a vet treats animals and bike is not an animal
It is not possible that he took his bike to a vet because a bike is not an animal
It is not possible that he took his bike to a vet because vet is not a mechanic to check his bike
It is not possible that he ironed his food to warm it up because an iron is used for getting wrinkles out of clothes and a microwave is used for heating up food.
It is not possible that he ironed his food to warm it up because ironing is only for clothes.
It is not possible that he ironed his food to warm it up because if you iron food, it will burn it or start a fire before it warms it up.
It is not possible that the red rose was green because a red rose cannot be green.
It is not possible that the red rose was green because red roses are always red.
It is not possible that the red rose was green because roses are not green
It is not possible that she put the bear in the cupboard because a bear wouldnt fit in a cupboard.
It is not possible that she put the bear in the cupboard because bear is much bigger than the cupboard.
It is not possible that she put the bear in the cupboard because bear is meant to live in forest not in cupboard
It is not possible that he  gave  a bottle to a rabbit because rabbit cannot eat a bottle
It is not possible that he  gave  a bottle to a rabbit because rabbit does not like a bottle
It is not possible that he  gave  a bottle to a rabbit because rabbit is not a carrot
It is not possible that movie theaters are good homes for people because movie theaters do not have the necessary amenities for use as a home.
It is not possible that movie theaters are good homes for people because a movie theater is to see a movie for a temporary amount of time.
It is not possible that movie theaters are good homes for people because movie theaters are meant for entertainment not to act as homes for people
It is not possible that he pour lion in the bottle because a lion is much bigger in the  bottle
It is not possible that he pour lion in the bottle because lion is not a water
It is not possible that he pour lion in the bottle because you cannot pour lion as it is solid.
It is not possible that he ate his tv for breakfast because tv's are not food
It is not possible that he ate his tv for breakfast because t.v is too hard to chew
It is not possible that he ate his tv for breakfast because tv is not eatable.
It is not possible that he placed a car in the vending machine because a car cannot fit inside a vending machine.
It is not possible that he placed a car in the vending machine because car is bigger than vending machine
It is not possible that he placed a car in the vending machine because a car is too big to be placed in a vending machine.
It is not possible that the train likes paul because trains cant feel emotions
It is not possible that the train likes paul because train is a object it does not like
It is not possible that the train likes paul because trains do not have likes and dislikes.
It is not possible that the woman checked her email on a stove because stoves cannot be used to check email.
It is not possible that the woman checked her email on a stove because a stove is used for cooking, not sending or receiving communications.
It is not possible that the woman checked her email on a stove because a stove does not contain email.
It is not possible that a steering is used to refill vehicle because usually there is no need of steering to get refuled
It is not possible that a steering is used to refill vehicle because steering cannot refill the vehicle.
It is not possible that a steering is used to refill vehicle because a faucet is used to refill a vehicle.
It is not possible that the man was overweight so he began to eat more because eating more causes you to gain weight.
It is not possible that the man was overweight so he began to eat more because you don't loose weight by eating more
It is not possible that the man was overweight so he began to eat more because eating more doesn't fix being overweight.
It is not possible that he was set to a theater  for treatment after a fire accident because a theater does not have doctor or medical equipment
It is not possible that he was set to a theater  for treatment after a fire accident because theaters are not equipped to handle burn victims.
It is not possible that he was set to a theater  for treatment after a fire accident because if you suffer injuries in an accident they send you to the hospital, in a theater they will not cure you
It is not possible that i drank a hamburger with dinner because hamburgers are eaten, not drank.
It is not possible that i drank a hamburger with dinner because a hamburger is not a liquid so it can't be dranken.
It is not possible that i drank a hamburger with dinner because hamburgers are not in liquid form.
It is not possible that a theme park is only for children because adults can also enjoy a theme park
It is not possible that a theme park is only for children because adults can visit theme parks
It is not possible that a theme park is only for children because a theme park is not only for children.
It is not possible that he washed dishes on a stove because there is no faucet on a stove for washing dishes.
It is not possible that he washed dishes on a stove because dishes are washed in a sink but not on a stove
It is not possible that he washed dishes on a stove because there is no water to wash with on a stove.
It is not possible that he was sent to theater for stealing because theater is a place of entertainment and cannot punish people
It is not possible that he was sent to theater for stealing because the theater is not a place for punishment.
It is not possible that he was sent to theater for stealing because the theater is not a place to send criminals
It is not possible that she cut the diamond with a knife because diamons are too hard to cut with a knife.
It is not possible that she cut the diamond with a knife because a knife can't cut a diamond.
It is not possible that she cut the diamond with a knife because diamond is harder than knife
It is not possible that he ordered father from online shop because father is a relationship and is not sold in online shops
It is not possible that he ordered father from online shop because father is a relationship. we can ordered from any online shop
It is not possible that he ordered father from online shop because online shops can not sell people.
It is not possible that he sits on a lake because a person cannot sit on a lake
It is not possible that he sits on a lake because if someone sits on a lake, they would drown
It is not possible that he sits on a lake because lake is not to sit
It is not possible that he put the cupboard into the tomato sause because tomato sause is not for storage.
It is not possible that he put the cupboard into the tomato sause because the cupboard is not a vegetable
It is not possible that he put the cupboard into the tomato sause because a  cupboard cannot fit into a sauce bottle.
It is not possible that the woman slept in her computer because computers are not large enough for people to sleep in.
It is not possible that the woman slept in her computer because a computer is too small
It is not possible that the woman slept in her computer because computers are electical devices and have no place for a person inside.
It is not possible that he drowned in the air because the definition of drowned is to die in a liquid and air isn't a liquid
It is not possible that he drowned in the air because breathing air will not cause someone to drown.
It is not possible that he drowned in the air because air is not alive and cannot be drowned.
It is not possible that i need a teacher to fix my car because a teacher is not trained or qualified to repair automobiles.
It is not possible that i need a teacher to fix my car because a teacher's job is to teach and isn't to fix cars.
It is not possible that i need a teacher to fix my car because a mechanic fixes cars.
It is not possible that she smelled the moon because the moon is too far away across space to smell.
It is not possible that she smelled the moon because the moon is too far away to smell.
It is not possible that she smelled the moon because the moon is too far away to smell.
It is not possible that i drove my house today because while cars can be used as a mode of transportation, houses can not.
It is not possible that i drove my house today because a house does not have wheels or a motor.
It is not possible that i drove my house today because houses don't have wheels or engines.
It is not possible that he gave his cat some alcohol because alcohol would be very fatal to a cat
It is not possible that he gave his cat some alcohol because alcohol is not a part of a cats usual diet.
It is not possible that he gave his cat some alcohol because cats don't drink alcohol.
It is not possible that he uses his iron to call his mother because irons cannot make calls
It is not possible that he uses his iron to call his mother because you can't call people with iron.
It is not possible that he uses his iron to call his mother because it is not possible to call on an iron.
It is not possible that he hit the baseball with a cellphone because nobody hits a baseball with a cellphone.
It is not possible that he hit the baseball with a cellphone because a cellphone is to small to hit a baseball with
It is not possible that he hit the baseball with a cellphone because a cellphone can not be used to hit the baseball.
It is not possible that my father gave birth to me because only females are biologically able to give birth.
It is not possible that my father gave birth to me because men cannot give birth.
It is not possible that my father gave birth to me because males can not give birth to a baby
It is not possible that bob grew some plants on his bed because plants need to be watered but it will make a bed wet.
It is not possible that bob grew some plants on his bed because plants need water and soil which are not found on a bed.
It is not possible that bob grew some plants on his bed because plants have to grow in the grown.
It is not possible that my sister eats a  piece of wood after breakfast everyday because no one eats a piece  of woods as food
It is not possible that my sister eats a  piece of wood after breakfast everyday because wood is meant to make articles not meant for eating
It is not possible that my sister eats a  piece of wood after breakfast everyday because no human can eat a piece of wood.
It is not possible that the flag is 20 trees tall because trees are not a unit of measure
It is not possible that the flag is 20 trees tall because trees are so big, so no flag will be that big
It is not possible that the flag is 20 trees tall because flag is not tall as trees.
It is not possible that there is a laptop in the fridge because people us fridges to preserve food and not in organic things like electronics.
It is not possible that there is a laptop in the fridge because a laptop should not be stored in the fridge because you don't need to keep it cold.
It is not possible that there is a laptop in the fridge because there is some lunch meat in the fridge.
It is not possible that he went on a date with a tree because the tree is not a human.
It is not possible that he went on a date with a tree because trees don't talk and cannot be dated.
It is not possible that he went on a date with a tree because trees are not humans and therefore cannot be dated.
It is not possible that the weather is very stripy today because weather cannot be stripy.
It is not possible that the weather is very stripy today because weather can not be described as striped
It is not possible that the weather is very stripy today because the weather can't be stripy.
It is not possible that the fire was stoked with water because water is not used for fuel, water is used to extuinguish.
It is not possible that the fire was stoked with water because fire does not use water as fuel to grow.
It is not possible that the fire was stoked with water because water extinguishes fire
It is not possible that he trimmed his beard with spoon because spoon is a kitchen utensil
It is not possible that he trimmed his beard with spoon because beards are trimmed with trimmer but not with spoons
It is not possible that he trimmed his beard with spoon because spoons can not cut hair.
It is not possible that he was living in his pen because man cannot fit inside a pen
It is not possible that he was living in his pen because a pen is not big enough to live in.
It is not possible that he was living in his pen because pens are way too small to fit a person in them.
It is not possible that he took his broken laptop to the hospital because hospital is a place to treat patients
It is not possible that he took his broken laptop to the hospital because hospitals don't have the capacity to fix laptops
It is not possible that he took his broken laptop to the hospital because hospitals are for living things
It is not possible that he drove the pumpkin because pumpkins cannot be driven.
It is not possible that he drove the pumpkin because pumpkins are note vehicles.
It is not possible that he drove the pumpkin because pumpkins are eaten not driven
It is not possible that the earth is flat because if you walk really far from a tall building on earth you will no longer see the bottom part of it while on a flat surface this would not happen.
It is not possible that the earth is flat because the earth is not flat.
It is not possible that the earth is flat because the earth is not flat because there is no edge or end.
It is not possible that he went to the airport to catch the train because train usually stops in railway station
It is not possible that he went to the airport to catch the train because train is not in airport
It is not possible that he went to the airport to catch the train because trains are not typically at airports.
It is not possible that i put my bedroom in my clock because a bedroom cannot fit inside of a clock.
It is not possible that i put my bedroom in my clock because bedroom much bigger than in my clock.
It is not possible that i put my bedroom in my clock because bedroom is much bigger than the clock.
It is not possible that he bought a world war ii tank at the library because world war ii tanks are not for sale at libraries.
It is not possible that he bought a world war ii tank at the library because he cannot buy a world war ii tank at the library.
It is not possible that he bought a world war ii tank at the library because he can not bring a world war a tank at the library.
It is not possible that she went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo because the zoo is not on the roof of the apartment building
It is not possible that she went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo because a zoo is not on the roof of an apartment building.
It is not possible that she went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo because you would need to leave the apartment building through the door to get to the zoo.
It is not possible that he saved money in the salon because salon is not a financial institution
It is not possible that he saved money in the salon because a salon is where you go for a hair got, not to save money
It is not possible that he saved money in the salon because salon is not the place to keep money.
It is not possible that he wore the shoes in the hands for walking because no one wears shoes in hands
It is not possible that he wore the shoes in the hands for walking because shoes cannot used to wore in hands for walking.
It is not possible that he wore the shoes in the hands for walking because he cannot wear the shoes in the hands for walking.
It is not possible that if you want to fish you should go to a landfill because there is no water for fish to live in at a landfill
It is not possible that if you want to fish you should go to a landfill because there are no fish in a landfill, only garbage.
It is not possible that if you want to fish you should go to a landfill because you need fresh water to fish in.
It is not possible that he is writing with a needle on his notebook because needle does not contain a refill filled with ink like a pen.
It is not possible that he is writing with a needle on his notebook because a needle is for sewing
It is not possible that he is writing with a needle on his notebook because you cannot write with a needle
It is not possible that i took a fire because "took fire" does not exist
It is not possible that i took a fire because fire is not something you can take
It is not possible that i took a fire because fire cant be taken
It is not possible that tigers drink nectar from flowers because tigers are carnivores.
It is not possible that tigers drink nectar from flowers because tigers eat meat and not nectar
It is not possible that tigers drink nectar from flowers because tigers do not drink from flowers.
It is not possible that the weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns because machine guns were invented after the medieval period.
It is not possible that the weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns because machine guns were not invented during the medieval period
It is not possible that the weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns because the weapons of medieval soldiers does not include machine guns.
It is not possible that eating is very good exercise because you do not burn lots of calories or build muscle when you eat.
It is not possible that eating is very good exercise because eating cannot is good exercise.
It is not possible that eating is very good exercise because eating is not exercise.
It is not possible that the pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher because a dynamite is too dangerous to catch
It is not possible that the pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher because the pitcher threw knife to the catcher.
It is not possible that the pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher because game of baseball doesn't include dynamite.
It is not possible that i put water on my burger because water is not a condiment
It is not possible that i put water on my burger because water is not an ingredient used in a burger
It is not possible that i put water on my burger because burger can not be put in water.
It is not possible that there is a whale in the backpack because a whale will not fit in a backpack.
It is not possible that there is a whale in the backpack because whales will not fit in a backpack
It is not possible that there is a whale in the backpack because whales are huge to fit in a backpack.
It is not possible that he swallowed a house because a house is too big to swallow.
It is not possible that he swallowed a house because house cannot be swallowed.
It is not possible that he swallowed a house because a house is much larger than a pill.
It is not possible that some horses ride people for fun because horses are much bigger than people, and thus would crush them.
It is not possible that some horses ride people for fun because horse for ride only not fun
It is not possible that some horses ride people for fun because horses cannot ride people for fun.
It is not possible that he put his clothes in his oven because ovens are used for baking food, not storing clothes
It is not possible that he put his clothes in his oven because ovens are dirty and not equipped for clothing storage.
It is not possible that he put his clothes in his oven because ovens are for cooking food.
It is not possible that we bought a smile because a smile cannot be bought because it is a thrill.
It is not possible that we bought a smile because smile is not a thing to buy
It is not possible that we bought a smile because smiles can't be bought
It is not possible that the farmer milked the chicken because a chicken does not produce milk..
It is not possible that the farmer milked the chicken because chickens can't be milked.
It is not possible that the farmer milked the chicken because chickens can't be milked.
It is not possible that she bought fireworks from the deli because deli's do not sell fireworks.
It is not possible that she bought fireworks from the deli because a deli only sells food
It is not possible that she bought fireworks from the deli because fireworks are not sold in the deli
It is not possible that she loves eating mud everyday because the mud is so dirty to eat
It is not possible that she loves eating mud everyday because mud is not edible.
It is not possible that she loves eating mud everyday because mud is not edible for humans.
It is not possible that the fish swam in fire because fire will burn a fish
It is not possible that the fish swam in fire because fire would burn and kill a fish.
It is not possible that the fish swam in fire because fire would burn a fish.
It is not possible that i frequently go on water because it is not possible to go on water.
It is not possible that i frequently go on water because you can't go to water for vacations.
It is not possible that i frequently go on water because it is not possible to go on water.
It is not possible that the child was reading the book with his eyes closed because you can not read a book with your eyes closed.
It is not possible that the child was reading the book with his eyes closed because one cannot read a book with their eyes closed.
It is not possible that the child was reading the book with his eyes closed because no one can read with closed eyes
It is not possible that he smoked a cat because it's not possible to smoke a cat.
It is not possible that he smoked a cat because cats are never smoked.
It is not possible that he smoked a cat because a cat is alive.
It is not possible that snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside because snow doesn't fall when it is hot.
It is not possible that snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside because snow creation requires water to freeze, which only happens with cold temperatures.
It is not possible that snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside because snow only falls from the sky when it's cold
It is not possible that there are five toes on your hand because toes are on your feet.
It is not possible that there are five toes on your hand because toes are not on hands.
It is not possible that there are five toes on your hand because your hands have fingers, not toes
It is not possible that she used gasoline to put out the fire because gasoline ignites with fire
It is not possible that she used gasoline to put out the fire because gasoline is flammable
It is not possible that she used gasoline to put out the fire because gasoline is flammable so it will feed the fire, not put it out.
It is not possible that he rides his dog to school because his dog cannot support his weight.
It is not possible that he rides his dog to school because dogs cannot be ridden over.
It is not possible that he rides his dog to school because dogs are not usually pets that people ride.
It is not possible that mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle's trunk because a cabinet is too large  a bicycle's trunk
It is not possible that mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle's trunk because cabinets are smaller objects than bicycle trunk so they cannot be put in them
It is not possible that mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle's trunk because a cabinet is to big to fit in a bicycle's trunk.
It is not possible that a bike flies in the sky because the bike does not have the aerodynamic structure to fly.
It is not possible that a bike flies in the sky because a flying bike has not been invented.
It is not possible that a bike flies in the sky because a bike has no wings to fly.
It is not possible that i went shopping for hope because hope is not a tangible item that can be bought.
It is not possible that i went shopping for hope because you cannot shop for an inanimate object
It is not possible that i went shopping for hope because hope is  a feeling and cannot be bought.
It is not possible that the dog gave him a bath because its not possible for a dog to give a human a bath
It is not possible that the dog gave him a bath because dogs don't give out baths.
It is not possible that the dog gave him a bath because dogs don't have hands and fingers to give baths
It is not possible that he set a shark on the table because a shark can't swim on a table.
It is not possible that he set a shark on the table because a table is not a safe or sensible place for a shark.
It is not possible that he set a shark on the table because you can't set sharks on a table.
It is not possible that she ate a book because people can't eat books.
It is not possible that she ate a book because a book isn't food,
It is not possible that she ate a book because books are not food.
It is not possible that boats are used for driving on the road because boats do not have wheels.
It is not possible that boats are used for driving on the road because boats don't have tires.
It is not possible that boats are used for driving on the road because boats don't have wheels to be driven on the road.
It is not possible that i brought a cat that barked loud because cats don't bark
It is not possible that i brought a cat that barked loud because cats do not bark.
It is not possible that i brought a cat that barked loud because cats meow not bark
It is not possible that sitting down is considered working out because sitting down requires no effort.
It is not possible that sitting down is considered working out because sitting down isn't enough exercise to be considered working out
It is not possible that sitting down is considered working out because sitting down does not burn calories.
It is not possible that he drove his car with his feet because you cant drive with your feet because you don't have control and its illegal
It is not possible that he drove his car with his feet because people use their hands and not their feet to drive a car.
It is not possible that he drove his car with his feet because a car is to heavy to move with your feet.
It is not possible that my mom has motor oil in her coffee mug because motor oil does not belong in her coffee mug.
It is not possible that my mom has motor oil in her coffee mug because motor oil is not safe to drink.
It is not possible that my mom has motor oil in her coffee mug because motor oil cannot be in her coffee mug.
It is not possible that i got into my bed to go to work because i cannot drive to work from bed.
It is not possible that i got into my bed to go to work because bed for sleep not for work
It is not possible that i got into my bed to go to work because you cannot physically go to another destination if you get into bed.
It is not possible that rocks go in smoothies because rocks do not taste good and are not edible.
It is not possible that rocks go in smoothies because people can't eat rocks.
It is not possible that rocks go in smoothies because you do not eat rocks.
It is not possible that a fish walks on land because fish do not have feet
It is not possible that a fish walks on land because a fish swims in water.
It is not possible that a fish walks on land because a fish doesn't have feet so it can't walk
It is not possible that she wore a camel because a camel is not clothing.
It is not possible that she wore a camel because camel is not a skirt to wore
It is not possible that she wore a camel because camel is not to wore
It is not possible that i flew a hippo last year because hippos don't fly.
It is not possible that i flew a hippo last year because hippos cannot fly.
It is not possible that i flew a hippo last year because hippos don't fly.
It is not possible that the car went into the doghouse because the car is bigger than the dog house
It is not possible that the car went into the doghouse because a car is to dig to fit in a doghouse.
It is not possible that the car went into the doghouse because cars are too big to fit in a doghouse.
It is not possible that the cat steered the ship around the rock because a cat is not able to steer a ship.
It is not possible that the cat steered the ship around the rock because cat doesn't have that much intelligence and muscle power
It is not possible that the cat steered the ship around the rock because the cat is not a captain to ship around the rock
It is not possible that there are buttons on his chicken because buttons are on shirts but not on chickens
It is not possible that there are buttons on his chicken because chickens don't have buttons.
It is not possible that there are buttons on his chicken because chickens do not have buttons
It is not possible that he took the cat to a garage when it was sick because a garage is not to right place to get help for a sick cat
It is not possible that he took the cat to a garage when it was sick because a garage does not have the tools, equipment or personnel to take care of a cat.
It is not possible that he took the cat to a garage when it was sick because you take cats to the vet when they're sick.
It is not possible that he  wiped his body with a stone because stone does not absorb water
It is not possible that he  wiped his body with a stone because stones are no good for wiping.
It is not possible that he  wiped his body with a stone because a stone would not clean your body and would hurt.
It is not possible that i will play the song on my table because you cannot play a song on a table.
It is not possible that i will play the song on my table because the table can't play music
It is not possible that i will play the song on my table because a table is not a musical insturment.
It is not possible that some people like toenails in their stew because toenails are not a food.
It is not possible that some people like toenails in their stew because no one would like toenails in their stew.
It is not possible that some people like toenails in their stew because toenails are not food.
It is not possible that a cow is eating meat because cow is herbivorous animal
It is not possible that a cow is eating meat because a cow is not a carnivore.
It is not possible that a cow is eating meat because cows are vegetarians.
It is not possible that a spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs because a spider is miniscule in comparison to a xbox 360 controller
It is not possible that a spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs because a spider can  not play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
It is not possible that a spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs because spiders lack the understanding to play xbox 360.
It is not possible that james put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later because a porkipine cannot breath in a refrigerator.
It is not possible that james put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later because you don't put porkipines in a fridge.
It is not possible that james put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later because people do not eat porcupines.
It is not possible that the sky is made of diamonds because the sky is made of water, oxygen, and not diamonds.
It is not possible that the sky is made of diamonds because the sky is not a metal
It is not possible that the sky is made of diamonds because the sky is not made of solid objects.
It is not possible that the ice cream must bake for two hours because you cannot bake ice cream.
It is not possible that the ice cream must bake for two hours because ice cream will melt when baking.
It is not possible that the ice cream must bake for two hours because ice cream is a cold dessert and can't be baked
It is not possible that a clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance because for measuring distance people use tape
It is not possible that a clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance because clock is measured only time not distance
It is not possible that a clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance because a measuring tape is used to measure the distance not clock
It is not possible that one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers because spiders are miniscule in comparison to a controller
It is not possible that one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers because insects cannot play xbox 360.
It is not possible that one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers because a spider is an insect which doesn't have have hands or brain to play the xbox.
It is not possible that he broke the rock with his hands because rocks are too strong to break
It is not possible that he broke the rock with his hands because rocks are too solid to be broken by our hands.
It is not possible that he broke the rock with his hands because you would need very heavy tools to break a rock since rocks are very hard.
It is not possible that nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it because usually people use key to unlock a lock
It is not possible that nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it because nail's main use is to anchor any object to another.
It is not possible that nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it because nail is not a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it
It is not possible that students go to police station everyday because students not supposed to go to police station regularly
It is not possible that students go to police station everyday because a police station is not en educational institution.
It is not possible that students go to police station everyday because students should not be going to the police station everyday.
It is not possible that a piano has 6 strings because pianos do not have strings.
It is not possible that a piano has 6 strings because a piano has many more strings.
It is not possible that a piano has 6 strings because piano is not a string instrument
It is not possible that dogs are out to destroy the world because dogs do not plot to destroy the world.
It is not possible that dogs are out to destroy the world because the world can not be destroy by dogs.
It is not possible that dogs are out to destroy the world because dogs cannot destroy the world.
It is not possible that miley cyrus played basketball for the los angeles lakers because miley cyrus is a singer not a professional athlete.
It is not possible that miley cyrus played basketball for the los angeles lakers because miley cyrus is a singer not a basketball player
It is not possible that miley cyrus played basketball for the los angeles lakers because miley cyrus is a singer not an nba player
It is not possible that a bus station is a place you find balloons because a bus station is made for busses
It is not possible that a bus station is a place you find balloons because balloons can't be found at a bus station
It is not possible that a bus station is a place you find balloons because balloons are not found in any bus stations.
It is not possible that he saw a whale on the prairie because a whale cannot swim on a prairie.
It is not possible that he saw a whale on the prairie because a whale belongs in the ocean
It is not possible that he saw a whale on the prairie because whales are seen in water not on the prairie
It is not possible that earth is a star because planets are not stars and earth is a planet
It is not possible that earth is a star because earth is a planet.
It is not possible that earth is a star because earth is not a star
It is not possible that a tiger has spots because tigers have stripes.
It is not possible that a tiger has spots because a tiger has only stripes not spots
It is not possible that a tiger has spots because a tiger has strips.
It is not possible that the table is made out of feathers because feathers would not stay together to make a table
It is not possible that the table is made out of feathers because feathers are not as strong as wood.
It is not possible that the table is made out of feathers because table is only for wood not for feathers
It is not possible that the grown man slept in a comfortable match box because a grown man cannot fit into a matchbox.
It is not possible that the grown man slept in a comfortable match box because match box is not a bed to slept
It is not possible that the grown man slept in a comfortable match box because a match box cannot accommodate a man.
It is not possible that they heard the light because light has to be seen.
It is not possible that they heard the light because light cannot be heared.
It is not possible that they heard the light because light cant heard
It is not possible that players eat with a football because footballs are not edible.
It is not possible that players eat with a football because players can not eat with a football.
It is not possible that players eat with a football because players cannot with a football
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction because dinosaurs died ten million years ago.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction because dinosaurs have already been extinct millions of years ago.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction because dinosaurs are already extinct so they can't be on the brink of extinction
It is not possible that she put the oven in the pot because the pot is too small to put the oven in.
It is not possible that she put the oven in the pot because the oven is too big to fit into a pot.
It is not possible that she put the oven in the pot because the pot is much bigger than the oven.
It is not possible that she watched the show on the pillow because a pillow is not entertainment.
It is not possible that she watched the show on the pillow because a pillow is not used to watch something.
It is not possible that she watched the show on the pillow because you cannot watch a show on a pillow.
It is not possible that i ate a window because windows are not food.
It is not possible that i ate a window because a window is not edible and to big to eat
It is not possible that i ate a window because windows are non consumable and cannot be eaten
It is not possible that climbing a mountain requires an apple because there is no logical link between climbing a mountain and having an apple
It is not possible that climbing a mountain requires an apple because an apple is no help at all when climbing mountains
It is not possible that climbing a mountain requires an apple because there is no specific food that you may need to eat while climbing a mountain.
It is not possible that turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room because turning a light switch on will illuminate the room whereas switching it off will make the room darker
It is not possible that turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room because turning of the lights would not illuminate a room.
It is not possible that turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room because there is no illumination when a light switch is off
It is not possible that he brewed his children and added sugar and milk because children are human and cannot be brewed like coffee
It is not possible that he brewed his children and added sugar and milk because children cannot be brewed by him.
It is not possible that he brewed his children and added sugar and milk because children are not a drink to be brewed.
It is not possible that he carried an elephant because an elephant is too big to carry.
It is not possible that he carried an elephant because elephants are to heavy to carry.
It is not possible that he carried an elephant because an elephant is too heavy to carry.
It is not possible that the teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener because a book bag does not need, and cannot be, sharpened.
It is not possible that the teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener because book bags are too big to be put inside a sharpener.
It is not possible that the teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener because book bags cannot be sharpened.
It is not possible that my father told me to study hard to get big bananas because bananas are not related with the study efforts.
It is not possible that my father told me to study hard to get big bananas because after studying hard you get good marks not big bananas.
It is not possible that my father told me to study hard to get big bananas because having big bananas is not a direct result of studying hard.
It is not possible that he jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air because gravity only pulls things to the earth not up into the air.
It is not possible that he jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air because gravity pulls you down and doesn't push you up.
It is not possible that he jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air because gravity does not push him into the air.
It is not possible that he ate a bottle because bottles are not edible.
It is not possible that he ate a bottle because bottle is not eatable
It is not possible that he ate a bottle because a bottle is made of a material that is not edible.
It is not possible that he lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music because you don't blow into a piano to play music
It is not possible that he lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music because a piano is played with fingers and is not a wind instrument that can be blown into.
It is not possible that he lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music because a piano is to heavy to lift.
It is not possible that he spun a race because spun is not interchangeable with ran.
It is not possible that he spun a race because a race is not an object that can be spun.
It is not possible that he spun a race because race cannot be spun it can be run
It is not possible that gold is a man-made material because gold occurs naturally.
It is not possible that gold is a man-made material because gold is an element all all elements preceded mankind.
It is not possible that gold is a man-made material because gold is a chemical element and not made by man.
It is not possible that they baked an apple tree because apple trees are bigger than an oven
It is not possible that they baked an apple tree because tree cannot be baked it will not fit in the oven
It is not possible that they baked an apple tree because you should not bake a tree.
It is not possible that he watched the show on a lion because there's not possible to watch something on a lion
It is not possible that he watched the show on a lion because a lion is an animal
It is not possible that he watched the show on a lion because lion is not a tv to watch
It is not possible that cows chew water because water cannot be chewed
It is not possible that cows chew water because water is not a solid and can not be chewed on.
It is not possible that cows chew water because water cannot be chewed.
It is not possible that a turtle climbed a tree because turtles can't climb anything
It is not possible that a turtle climbed a tree because turtles can't climb.
It is not possible that a turtle climbed a tree because a turtle does not have the ability to climb.
It is not possible that there is a school in the can because a school cannot go in a can
It is not possible that there is a school in the can because a school is much too big to fit inside of a can.
It is not possible that there is a school in the can because school is not a soda
It is not possible that the girl ate rocks for lunch because no one eats rocks for food.
It is not possible that the girl ate rocks for lunch because rocks are inedible.
It is not possible that the girl ate rocks for lunch because rocks are not food and they are hard and would break your teeth.
It is not possible that she ate the large rock because people cannot eat rocks.
It is not possible that she ate the large rock because rocks are not meant to eaten but some times used for construction after crushing
It is not possible that she ate the large rock because a rock is not edible.
It is not possible that the man bought some apples from a bathroom because a bathroom is for using the toilet and showering not selling apples.
It is not possible that the man bought some apples from a bathroom because a bathroom is not a grocery store to buy apple
It is not possible that the man bought some apples from a bathroom because apples are purchased from a store not from bathroom
It is not possible that a piece of paper is circular because a piece of paper is rectangular.
It is not possible that a piece of paper is circular because a piece of paper is tore.
It is not possible that a piece of paper is circular because paper is in a rectangular shape.
It is not possible that happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed because plants don't have feelings.
It is not possible that happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed because happiness is  not an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed.
It is not possible that happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed because happiness is a kind of feeling, not for photosynthesis.
It is not possible that he put the giraffe in the tub because a giraffe is too tall for a tub.
It is not possible that he put the giraffe in the tub because giraffe is bigger than the tub
It is not possible that he put the giraffe in the tub because a giraffe is too big to fit in a tub
It is not possible that he played refrigerator because one cannot play a refrigerator.
It is not possible that he played refrigerator because refrigerator is an appliance in the kitchen not game
It is not possible that he played refrigerator because a refrigerator is not a game that can be played.
It is not possible that she drank a rock because a rock is not liquid.
It is not possible that she drank a rock because a rock is a solid
It is not possible that she drank a rock because rock cannot be drink , because it is very hard
It is not possible that i like to play soccer because i am good in jumping with parashoots because parashoots don't have link with soccer
It is not possible that i like to play soccer because i am good in jumping with parashoots because football does not involve jumping or parashoots
It is not possible that i like to play soccer because i am good in jumping with parashoots because to play soccer there is no need to know jumping with para shoot
It is not possible that a cat can hunt lice because lice cannot be hunt
It is not possible that a cat can hunt lice because lice are so small that a cat would't be able to see them.
It is not possible that a cat can hunt lice because lice are too small for a cat to hunt
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a flower because flower does not have wires or electrical capability
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a flower because flowers do not produce electricity.
It is not possible that he charged his phone with a flower because it's not possible for a flower to provide energy for charging a phone.
It is not possible that he let his baby drive the car because babies don't know how to drive cars.
It is not possible that he let his baby drive the car because it is illegal to let a baby drive a car is they are not capable of doing so
It is not possible that he let his baby drive the car because a baby cannot drive a car.
It is not possible that she painted her air because air isn't something you can paint
It is not possible that she painted her air because air is invisible  andcannot be painted
It is not possible that she painted her air because air will not hold paint.
It is not possible that i put a dog on my head because a dog cannot sit on my head
It is not possible that i put a dog on my head because a dog is to big and heavy to put on your head.
It is not possible that i put a dog on my head because dogs are not put on head but a hat is wore on head
It is not possible that cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable because a cabbage is too soft to manage nails
It is not possible that cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable because cabbages are vegetables, not for cutting nails
It is not possible that cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable because cabbages aren't used for nail care.
It is not possible that pancake eat me because pancake are food, couldn't eat people
It is not possible that pancake eat me because pancake is not a living thing to eat
It is not possible that pancake eat me because pancakes can not eat food.
It is not possible that scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth, paper, and other material because with scissors things cannot be washed
It is not possible that scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth, paper, and other material because nothing can be washed with scissors as it cannot clean anything.
It is not possible that scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth, paper, and other material because scissors are sharp metal objects
It is not possible that the golden gate bridge is in egypt because the golden gate bridge is in california.
It is not possible that the golden gate bridge is in egypt because the golden gate bridge is in usa not in egypt
It is not possible that the golden gate bridge is in egypt because the golden gate bridge is in san francisco which is not in egypt
It is not possible that i put a ham on my feet because a ham cannot fit on my feet
It is not possible that i put a ham on my feet because you eat ham, not wear it.
It is not possible that i put a ham on my feet because ham cannot on my feet.
It is not possible that the tree's leaves had turned blue because trees never have blue leaves.
It is not possible that the tree's leaves had turned blue because there is no natural phenomenon where the trees leaves turn from green to blue.
It is not possible that the tree's leaves had turned blue because tree's leaves had not turned blue beacuse trees leaves never turned into blue
It is not possible that johny eats dinner out of a bottle because you can not eat food out of a bottle, the opening is too small.
It is not possible that johny eats dinner out of a bottle because dinner cannot be put inside a bottle.
It is not possible that johny eats dinner out of a bottle because dinner cannot be served in a bottle.
It is not possible that i like to wear apples because apples are a food and cannot be worn
It is not possible that i like to wear apples because you can not wear an apple.
It is not possible that i like to wear apples because apples are to eat, not to wear.
It is not possible that i drove my computer to the gas station because you cant drive a computer
It is not possible that i drove my computer to the gas station because a computer is not something you drive.
It is not possible that i drove my computer to the gas station because a computer is not a car, it has no wheels for it to be driven
It is not possible that watching tv is a good way to exerise because watching tv does not involve moving or physical effort
It is not possible that watching tv is a good way to exerise because watching tv is not a good excercise
It is not possible that watching tv is a good way to exerise because tv watching is not a good exercise
It is not possible that i ate a song because songs are not edible.
It is not possible that i ate a song because songs are intangible and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that i ate a song because you can't eat music.
It is not possible that he through the bowling ball as far as he could because bowling balls are too heavy to be thrown.
It is not possible that he through the bowling ball as far as he could because through is not the proper word use.
It is not possible that he through the bowling ball as far as he could because a bowling ball is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that i need to see a dentist because my hand hurt because you don't see a dentist if your problem is not with your teeth
It is not possible that i need to see a dentist because my hand hurt because dentists specialise in teeth not hands
It is not possible that i need to see a dentist because my hand hurt because a dentist works on teeth, not hands.
It is not possible that she was writing with a book because you read books, you can't write with them
It is not possible that she was writing with a book because a book doesn't have any ink to be used as a writing tool
It is not possible that she was writing with a book because a book does not have any ink so it cannot be used as a writing implement.
It is not possible that i want to read that pizza because pizzas are not readable
It is not possible that i want to read that pizza because pizza cannot be read.
It is not possible that i want to read that pizza because pizza can be ate not read
It is not possible that the soccer players drink the ball because a ball is not a liquid that can be drank.
It is not possible that the soccer players drink the ball because a ball is not a liquid.
It is not possible that the soccer players drink the ball because a ball is not a liquid.
It is not possible that after i washed my hands i wet my dry hands with a clean towel because after washing your hands they are wet not dry and towels are used to typically remove moisture.
It is not possible that after i washed my hands i wet my dry hands with a clean towel because washing your hands makes them wet.
It is not possible that after i washed my hands i wet my dry hands with a clean towel because dry towels can't wet your hands.
It is not possible that he cooked the sandles for dinner because sandles are footwear that should not be eaten.
It is not possible that he cooked the sandles for dinner because you don't cook sandles.
It is not possible that he cooked the sandles for dinner because sandles are an article of clothing and not edible.
It is not possible that she popped canned soup in the microwave because if you put metal cans in a microwave it will ruin it
It is not possible that she popped canned soup in the microwave because popcorn is not a soup in the microwave
It is not possible that she popped canned soup in the microwave because a can can't be put in a microwave or it would explode
It is not possible that the ground fell from the tree because a tree is planted in the ground.
It is not possible that the ground fell from the tree because the ground does not fell from tree
It is not possible that the ground fell from the tree because the ground is already low and cannot fall.
It is not possible that a driveway is a road because a driveway is a path from a road to a house.
It is not possible that a driveway is a road because a driveway is located off a road
It is not possible that a driveway is a road because a driveway is too small to be considered a road
It is not possible that the refrigerator grown in the garden because a refrigerator cannot grow.
It is not possible that the refrigerator grown in the garden because refrigerator is not a corn
It is not possible that the refrigerator grown in the garden because refrigerators aren't grown.
It is not possible that my brother and i went to a restaurant, he ordered bleach because bleach is extremely dangerous, also you can't order bleach
It is not possible that my brother and i went to a restaurant, he ordered bleach because restaurants don't serve bleach
It is not possible that my brother and i went to a restaurant, he ordered bleach because bleach is not a drink and is not sold at restaurants.
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere because kangaroos are from austrlia and not typical to the united states except for zoos.
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere because kangaroos do not live in the west.
It is not possible that cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere because cowboys cannot ride kangaroos to get everywhere.
It is not possible that her bicycle ran out of gas because bicycles to not run on gasoline.
It is not possible that her bicycle ran out of gas because bicycles don't use gas.
It is not possible that her bicycle ran out of gas because bicycles do not require gas to function.
It is not possible that he sailed his bike on the lake because a bike can't swim on the lake
It is not possible that he sailed his bike on the lake because a bike would sink in the lake.
It is not possible that he sailed his bike on the lake because bike cannot sailed on the lake
It is not possible that there are eight sides to a square box because there can be only six sides to a true square.
It is not possible that there are eight sides to a square box because there are eight sides to an octagon
It is not possible that there are eight sides to a square box because there are six sides to a box.
It is not possible that he put his toaster in the washing machine because a toaster is an appliance you don't wash in a washing machine
It is not possible that he put his toaster in the washing machine because you don't wash toasters in a washing machine.
It is not possible that he put his toaster in the washing machine because both will be destroyed
It is not possible that he rode the tornado because a tornado is weather and cannot be ridden.
It is not possible that he rode the tornado because you can not ride a tornado
It is not possible that he rode the tornado because tornados are not physical objects.
It is not possible that zebras have spots because zebras have stripes.
It is not possible that zebras have spots because zebras don't have spots.
It is not possible that zebras have spots because zebras does not have spots.
It is not possible that i will go to the theater tonight with my hamster because no one brings a hamster to the theater.
It is not possible that i will go to the theater tonight with my hamster because a hamster is not allowed in a movie theater, it is an animal.
It is not possible that i will go to the theater tonight with my hamster because you cannot take animals to the theatre
It is not possible that he eats a beer can every night to relax because people can't eat cans.
It is not possible that he eats a beer can every night to relax because beer cans are made of metal
It is not possible that he eats a beer can every night to relax because beer is liquid.
It is not possible that the monkey climbed the air because monkeys cannot climb on air as it has no shape.
It is not possible that the monkey climbed the air because moneys cannot climb air.
It is not possible that the monkey climbed the air because monkeys cannot climb the air
It is not possible that he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise because you do not make a chair out of food
It is not possible that he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise because chairs are usually made out of wood or another material, but not food.
It is not possible that he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise because chair cannot be made with eatable objects such as bread and mauonnaise
It is not possible that the stone cried when it got hurt because stones do not have any emotions or feelings so they cannot get hurt.
It is not possible that the stone cried when it got hurt because stones do not have feelings.
It is not possible that the stone cried when it got hurt because stones do not have feelings.
It is not possible that he saw rocks falling from the tree because rocks don't grow on trees.
It is not possible that he saw rocks falling from the tree because rocks don't fall from trees.
It is not possible that he saw rocks falling from the tree because rocks don't fall from trees.
It is not possible that grass is black because grass cannot be black unless it is burnt
It is not possible that grass is black because grass is green
It is not possible that grass is black because the grass is an array of colors lighter than black.
It is not possible that having an iphone makes you a loser because people think highly of iphones
It is not possible that having an iphone makes you a loser because iphone does not make you loser.
It is not possible that having an iphone makes you a loser because having an iphone makes you cool
It is not possible that my kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning because my kitchen is not alive, it does not eat.
It is not possible that my kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning because kitchen cannot eat him for breakfast.
It is not possible that my kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning because kitchens are not things that eat.
It is not possible that he jumped on the water because he could not jump onto the water because it is liquid and he would sink.
It is not possible that he jumped on the water because water does not have enough surface tension to be jumped on but rather jumped in.
It is not possible that he jumped on the water because people can jump into water but not on water
It is not possible that you are likely to find a watch on a chest because no one will wear a watch on a chest
It is not possible that you are likely to find a watch on a chest because watches are worn on the wrist.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a watch on a chest because nobody tie watch on chest
It is not possible that we need more ice start the grill because ice does not produce the fire needed to light the grill.
It is not possible that we need more ice start the grill because ice is not flammable.
It is not possible that we need more ice start the grill because ice is not suitable for to start grill
It is not possible that water is a thing that has a powerful attraction because water cannot attract usually magnets attract
It is not possible that water is a thing that has a powerful attraction because water is not a magnet.
It is not possible that water is a thing that has a powerful attraction because water is not a thing that has a powerful attraction
It is not possible that she always bakes pizza in a refrigerator because refrigerators are cold and can't bake.
It is not possible that she always bakes pizza in a refrigerator because refrigerator is for cooling and protecting food from fermentation not for baking
It is not possible that she always bakes pizza in a refrigerator because a refrigerator if for cooling things down.
It is not possible that monkeys like sports because monkeys don't play sports
It is not possible that monkeys like sports because monkeys are not smart enough to play sports.
It is not possible that monkeys like sports because monkeys are not known to watch or understand sports.
It is not possible that she cleaned up her house using a zebra because a zebra cannot be used for cleaning a house.
It is not possible that she cleaned up her house using a zebra because a zebra is not a cleaning implement
It is not possible that she cleaned up her house using a zebra because a zebra is an animal and not for cleaning.
It is not possible that a fish lives on the moon because thre is no water on the moon.
It is not possible that a fish lives on the moon because the moon does not have water
It is not possible that a fish lives on the moon because there is no water on the moon
It is not possible that he put the hippo in the mailbox because a hippo cannot fit in a mailbox
It is not possible that he put the hippo in the mailbox because hippos do not fit in mailboxes.
It is not possible that he put the hippo in the mailbox because the hippo is much bigger than the mailbox.
It is not possible that the zebra had many spots because zebras do not have spots they have stripes.
It is not possible that the zebra had many spots because the zebra does not have spots.
It is not possible that the zebra had many spots because zebra had only lines
It is not possible that they went swimming in the rain because rain is not a body of water on can swim in.
It is not possible that they went swimming in the rain because we can't swim in the rain.
It is not possible that they went swimming in the rain because if you were swimming then you would be in water already, so you would not be in the rain while swimming.
It is not possible that plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string because planes usually fly independently
It is not possible that plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string because you don't fly planes with string.
It is not possible that plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string because planes do not fly on strings.
It is not possible that fortnite is a state of mexico because fortnite is a video game, not a locality
It is not possible that fortnite is a state of mexico because there is no such state in mexico.
It is not possible that fortnite is a state of mexico because fortnite is a game and not a state
It is not possible that the house ran away from the dog because houses cannot run.
It is not possible that the house ran away from the dog because house is not a living thing to ran
It is not possible that the house ran away from the dog because the house cannot ran away from the dog.
It is not possible that an apple is never green because green apples exist.
It is not possible that an apple is never green because a lot of apples are green.
It is not possible that an apple is never green because apples can be green.
It is not possible that i took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed because a pharmacy does not mail letters.
It is not possible that i took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed because a pharmacy is for medicine and does not have the staff or ability to deliver mail.
It is not possible that i took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed because a pharmacy sells medicine.
It is not possible that a jaguar is a type of mineral because a jaguar is a type of animal.
It is not possible that a jaguar is a type of mineral because a jaguar is an animal in the feline group.
It is not possible that a jaguar is a type of mineral because a jaguar is a animal not a mineral
It is not possible that a fly has four legs because a fly has six legs.
It is not possible that a fly has four legs because a fly has six legs.
It is not possible that a fly has four legs because a fly has more than four legs.
It is not possible that he lives under a rock because you can't live under a rock. it's to small.
It is not possible that he lives under a rock because rocks are solid.
It is not possible that he lives under a rock because impossible to live under a rock
It is not possible that the doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie because movies are not shown at the hospital.
It is not possible that the doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie because watching a movie is done in a cinema.
It is not possible that the doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie because hospital is not a theater
It is not possible that the sad little monkey cried at the funeral because monkeys don't attend funerals.
It is not possible that the sad little monkey cried at the funeral because monkeys don't go to funerals.
It is not possible that the sad little monkey cried at the funeral because monkeys do not attend funerals.
It is not possible that cookies love people because cookies aren't alive
It is not possible that cookies love people because cookies do not have likes.
It is not possible that cookies love people because cookies do not experience emotions or have affection
It is not possible that the table write a text because table can't write bro
It is not possible that the table write a text because the table is not a hand to write it
It is not possible that the table write a text because table is not alive to write the text
It is not possible that a cat can tie things because a cat isn't able to tie things
It is not possible that a cat can tie things because cats don't have fingers to tie things
It is not possible that a cat can tie things because a cat does not have hands.
It is not possible that only human beings with one leg can run because it is very hard to run with one leg.
It is not possible that only human beings with one leg can run because you need two legs to run
It is not possible that only human beings with one leg can run because human beings cannot with one leg.
It is not possible that bicycles have square wheels because square bicycle wheels will not turn.
It is not possible that bicycles have square wheels because wheels are always round.
It is not possible that bicycles have square wheels because if wheels were square they would could not roll.
It is not possible that she likes to eat tractors for lunch because tractors are not food.
It is not possible that she likes to eat tractors for lunch because people can't eat tractors.
It is not possible that she likes to eat tractors for lunch because tractors are too big and not nutritious to be eaten
It is not possible that cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists because cap is not a protective hat to avoid injuries to head
It is not possible that cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists because a cap does not offer real protection for the head.
It is not possible that cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists because a cap is soft and does not protect.
It is not possible that i wore a sock on my head because socks are not worn on the head.
It is not possible that i wore a sock on my head because a sock is to small to go on a head.
It is not possible that i wore a sock on my head because a sock is ment to be worn in legs.
It is not possible that cucumbers are a state because cucumbers are a vegetable.
It is not possible that cucumbers are a state because cucumbers are a food.
It is not possible that cucumbers are a state because cucumber is vegetables not state
It is not possible that i drew a picture with a toothbrush because a toothbrush is not an object you can draw a picture with
It is not possible that i drew a picture with a toothbrush because you can't draw with a toothbrush.
It is not possible that i drew a picture with a toothbrush because toothbursh are for cleaning things and not for painting.
It is not possible that he won the competition by sheer sadness because sadness is not useful in winning competitions
It is not possible that he won the competition by sheer sadness because sadness is not related to winning a competition.
It is not possible that he won the competition by sheer sadness because you don't win competitions with sadness.
It is not possible that mice have feathers because mice have fur.
It is not possible that mice have feathers because mice have fur instead of feathers.
It is not possible that mice have feathers because mice have fur
It is not possible that she meditated some tacos because tacos are cooked, not meditated
It is not possible that she meditated some tacos because tacos cannot be meditated.
It is not possible that she meditated some tacos because tacos is not for meditated
It is not possible that my fly ate a lizard because flies cannot eat lizards because they are too small to consume them
It is not possible that my fly ate a lizard because a fly's mouth is not big enough to eat a lizard.
It is not possible that my fly ate a lizard because a  lizard it to big for a fly to eat.
It is not possible that the phone charges him because the man has no outlet to charge.
It is not possible that the phone charges him because phones cannot charge people.
It is not possible that the phone charges him because a phone cannot charge a person.
It is not possible that i will take notes in the bird because a bird is an animal.
It is not possible that i will take notes in the bird because a bird is a creature on which nothing can be written.
It is not possible that i will take notes in the bird because a bird is an animal not a piece of stationary
It is not possible that you can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth because your phone bill is not affected by the amount of water you use.
It is not possible that you can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth because turning of the water when you brush your teeth will save money on your water/utility bill
It is not possible that you can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth because turning off the water doesn't save money on phone bills.
It is not possible that windows are made from iron because iron isn't transparent
It is not possible that windows are made from iron because you cannot see through iron
It is not possible that windows are made from iron because window frames are made from iron not the windows themselves
It is not possible that the cheetah can ride a bike because a cheetah is not physically able to operate a bike.
It is not possible that the cheetah can ride a bike because cheetah is not a human to ride a bike
It is not possible that the cheetah can ride a bike because the blind man can ride a bike.
It is not possible that a soccer team is composed of five players because the rules require at least seven players to form a team
It is not possible that a soccer team is composed of five players because a sport team that is composed of five players would be a basketball team.
It is not possible that a soccer team is composed of five players because five players aren't enough to form a soccer team
It is not possible that he wears shirts to help him see more clearly because shirts don't affect vision.
It is not possible that he wears shirts to help him see more clearly because shirts don't help you see.
It is not possible that he wears shirts to help him see more clearly because shirts are worn to look good not to see things
It is not possible that socks are for your ears because socks are designed and sold to people for feet, not ears
It is not possible that socks are for your ears because your ears are a shape that do not fit a sock.
It is not possible that socks are for your ears because socks are meant to go on feet
It is not possible that he ate a rock because rocks are not edible.
It is not possible that he ate a rock because rock is not food
It is not possible that he ate a rock because a rock is too hard to be eaten.
It is not possible that my best friend is throwing a party for his mom's funeral because a funeral is a place and time to grieve
It is not possible that my best friend is throwing a party for his mom's funeral because you don't throw parties at funerals.
It is not possible that my best friend is throwing a party for his mom's funeral because a funeral is sad event.
It is not possible that he put glass in his coffee because nobody would put glass in their coffee.
It is not possible that he put glass in his coffee because glass is not a cream
It is not possible that he put glass in his coffee because people cannot drink glass.
It is not possible that he put a truck in the car because you cannot fit a truck in a car.
It is not possible that he put a truck in the car because a truck cannot fit inside a car.
It is not possible that he put a truck in the car because trucks are big cars and you can't put them in regular smaller cars.
It is not possible that he drove the wallet to get to work because a wallet is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he drove the wallet to get to work because a wallet is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he drove the wallet to get to work because a wallet isn't a vehicle that can be driven.
It is not possible that my garden looks dark at noon because at noon there is light, so the garden can not look dark.
It is not possible that my garden looks dark at noon because in noon garden never looks in dark. noon is full of sunlight
It is not possible that my garden looks dark at noon because it is dark at night, not at noon.
It is not possible that he washed his soap with car because a car cannot wash a soap.
It is not possible that he washed his soap with car because you do not wash soap, you use it to wash other things.
It is not possible that he washed his soap with car because a car can not be used to wash something
It is not possible that the apple floated from the tree because gravity will make the apple fall from the tree.
It is not possible that the apple floated from the tree because apples do not float.
It is not possible that the apple floated from the tree because the apple cannot floated from the tree.
It is not possible that i like to bake pasta because pasta is cooked not baked.
It is not possible that i like to bake pasta because pasta is not a cookie to bake
It is not possible that i like to bake pasta because pasta is not normally baked.
It is not possible that a thing that you find on an apple tree are pears because pears don't grow on apple trees.
It is not possible that a thing that you find on an apple tree are pears because you can not find on an apple tree are pears.
It is not possible that a thing that you find on an apple tree are pears because pears grow only on a pear tree.
It is not possible that the driver drove a car under water in the lake because a car will not function under water in a lake
It is not possible that the driver drove a car under water in the lake because car can not be driven under water.
It is not possible that the driver drove a car under water in the lake because cars cannot operate under water.
It is not possible that people can eat dumbbells because dumbbells are metal weights, they would be impossible to eat.
It is not possible that people can eat dumbbells because dumbells are meant for exercises and non consumable food
It is not possible that people can eat dumbbells because a dumbell is not food, it is metal.
It is not possible that the water is plastic because plastic is not liquid
It is not possible that the water is plastic because water and plastic are two different forms of objects
It is not possible that the water is plastic because water is made from hydrogen and oxygen.
It is not possible that cars can see in the dark because cars do not have eyes.
It is not possible that cars can see in the dark because cars can't have eyes to see in dark
It is not possible that cars can see in the dark because cars don't have eyes therefore they can't see
It is not possible that my to-do list is packed! 1) water cell phone bill on time because you have to pay bills you owe money on, not water them.
It is not possible that my to-do list is packed! 1) water cell phone bill on time because cell phone bill cannot be watered.
It is not possible that my to-do list is packed! 1) water cell phone bill on time because the word "water" doesn't relate to the rest of the statement.
It is not possible that i can go to narnia because narnia is not a real place
It is not possible that i can go to narnia because narnia is not a place to go.
It is not possible that i can go to narnia because narnia is made up.
It is not possible that i can throw you to the next city because one does not throws someone to long distances
It is not possible that i can throw you to the next city because we don't throw a person from one city to another.
It is not possible that i can throw you to the next city because human is not a object to throw
It is not possible that the ball likes to chase the dog because the ball is a toy while the dog is an animal.
It is not possible that the ball likes to chase the dog because a ball is an inanimate object, it cannot chase anything
It is not possible that the ball likes to chase the dog because balls are inanimate objects and cannot chase anything.
It is not possible that a car has a swimming pool in it because a swimming pool cannot fit in a car as it is too big
It is not possible that a car has a swimming pool in it because a car is not big enough for a swimming pool.
It is not possible that a car has a swimming pool in it because cars are not big enough to have swimming pools in them.
It is not possible that she would like to get a punishment for her effort because when someone puts effort into something they would like and expect to get something good but a punishment is bad.
It is not possible that she would like to get a punishment for her effort because punishment is not suitable for her effort
It is not possible that she would like to get a punishment for her effort because why would you want to punish yourself
It is not possible that a policeman arrested a lion because a policeman cannot bring charges against a lion.
It is not possible that a policeman arrested a lion because a lion is to dangerous to arrest
It is not possible that a policeman arrested a lion because a lion is not a human being to be arrested.
It is not possible that my dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood because dogs cannot drive a car.
It is not possible that my dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood because dogs can't drive cars.
It is not possible that my dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood because dogs can't drive.
It is not possible that she rode the mouse in a rodeo because you cannot ride a mouse.
It is not possible that she rode the mouse in a rodeo because if a person would try to ride a mouse the mouse will be crushed to death.
It is not possible that she rode the mouse in a rodeo because a mouse is too small to be ridden.
It is not possible that the car bought him because a car cannot buy a person.
It is not possible that the car bought him because the car has no money
It is not possible that the car bought him because a car is an inanimate object and cannot purchase anything.
It is not possible that the box put the child on the shelf because the box doesn't have the ability to move things.
It is not possible that the box put the child on the shelf because a box can not move another object.
It is not possible that the box put the child on the shelf because boxes are sentient objects that can't move.
It is not possible that he box the elephant inside the fridge because a fridge is smaller than an elephants
It is not possible that he box the elephant inside the fridge because an elephant is to big to fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that he box the elephant inside the fridge because an elephant can't fit inside a fridge
It is not possible that mustard must go on all sandwiches because some people don't like mustard on sandwiches
It is not possible that mustard must go on all sandwiches because all sandwich does not have mustard.
It is not possible that mustard must go on all sandwiches because its not necessary that mustard must go on sandwiches
It is not possible that he put the food into the black pepper because usually the pepper goes into the food.
It is not possible that he put the food into the black pepper because black pepper is too small to contain any kind of food.
It is not possible that he put the food into the black pepper because you can not put anything on black pepper.
It is not possible that the office rode a bike home because an office is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that the office rode a bike home because the office is a building
It is not possible that the office rode a bike home because an office cannot ride
It is not possible that he went swimming in some lava because lava is too hot for a person to safely swim in.
It is not possible that he went swimming in some lava because lava is too hot to swim in
It is not possible that he went swimming in some lava because lava would kill you
It is not possible that bananas are blue because bananas are typically only yellow and green, and everwhere in between those two colors.
It is not possible that bananas are blue because there are no blue bananas
It is not possible that bananas are blue because blue bananas do not exist.
It is not possible that i cooked a car because cars are not cooked
It is not possible that i cooked a car because a car is made of metal which cannot be cooked.
It is not possible that i cooked a car because car cannot be cooked.
It is not possible that she throwed the bike into the basket because bikes can`t be thrown into a basket
It is not possible that she throwed the bike into the basket because bike is bigger than into the basket.
It is not possible that she throwed the bike into the basket because bikes do not fit into baskets.
It is not possible that large cars use less gas because it takes more gas to propel a larger car than it does a smaller car.
It is not possible that large cars use less gas because small cars use more gas.
It is not possible that large cars use less gas because larger cars have bigger engines and use more gas.
It is not possible that he eats human meat because people don't eat people.
It is not possible that he eats human meat because human meat is not appropriate food for humans
It is not possible that he eats human meat because he can not eats human meat.
It is not possible that your cat pet can read many types of data because cats are not able to read.
It is not possible that your cat pet can read many types of data because pests can not read.
It is not possible that your cat pet can read many types of data because pet cats don't understand scripts or data.
It is not possible that he put cookies in water because water would make the cookies dissolve
It is not possible that he put cookies in water because cookies should not put in water.
It is not possible that he put cookies in water because water cannot bake foods.
It is not possible that i ate a bar of gold because gold is not edible.
It is not possible that i ate a bar of gold because gold is not a fruit to ate
It is not possible that i ate a bar of gold because bar of gold cannot eat.
It is not possible that the angry plant told his teacher to back off because plants cannot talk
It is not possible that the angry plant told his teacher to back off because plants do not get angry.
It is not possible that the angry plant told his teacher to back off because plants do not speak
It is not possible that the couch in my grandmother's apartment was 240 centuries old because a couch cannot be 240 centuries old
It is not possible that the couch in my grandmother's apartment was 240 centuries old because apartment was not human
It is not possible that the couch in my grandmother's apartment was 240 centuries old because no couch is 2400 centuries old
It is not possible that most dogs have three eyes because dogs almost never have three eyes.
It is not possible that most dogs have three eyes because most dogs have two eyes.
It is not possible that most dogs have three eyes because most dogs have two eyes.
It is not possible that he put the elephant on the cupboard because an elephant is to heavy for a cupboard.
It is not possible that he put the elephant on the cupboard because an elephant is too large to fit in a cupboard
It is not possible that he put the elephant on the cupboard because a cupboard cannot accommodate an elephant.
It is not possible that she read a blanket because blankets do not have words that can be read.
It is not possible that she read a blanket because blankets do not contain text .
It is not possible that she read a blanket because a blanket has no words on it to read.
It is not possible that he went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food because indian restaurants do not typically sell chinese food
It is not possible that he went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food because an indian restaurant would not have the ingrediants, etc for chinese food.
It is not possible that he went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food because chinese food is found in a chinese restaurant.
It is not possible that the concrete will grow around the plants because concrete cannot grow, but plants and grass can.
It is not possible that the concrete will grow around the plants because concrete is inorganic and cannot grow.
It is not possible that the concrete will grow around the plants because concrete is made with cement
It is not possible that the dog is eating the grass because dogs don't eat grass.
It is not possible that the dog is eating the grass because dogs do not get nutrition from grass.
It is not possible that the dog is eating the grass because a dog eats dog food and could not live on grass.
It is not possible that you can always find a hospital in a rural village because hospitals are rare in rural areas.
It is not possible that you can always find a hospital in a rural village because rural villages typically do not have the resources and skilled staff to run a hospital.
It is not possible that you can always find a hospital in a rural village because rural villages are small and don't usually have hospitals
It is not possible that he went for a swim in the desert because there is usually no water in the desert.
It is not possible that he went for a swim in the desert because you can't swim in sand.
It is not possible that he went for a swim in the desert because you can't swim where there is no water
It is not possible that the river flows up the mountain because a river can't flow against gravity up a mountain.
It is not possible that the river flows up the mountain because rivers move towards down
It is not possible that the river flows up the mountain because rivers cannot flow against gravity for great distances, like up a mountain.
It is not possible that my boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor-trailers for my birthday because tractor-trailers are too large to be in a bouquet.
It is not possible that my boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor-trailers for my birthday because tractor-trailers are not items that can be gifted.
It is not possible that my boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor-trailers for my birthday because tractor-trailers are not collected into bouquets and are not common birthday gifts.
It is not possible that i want to drink cake because cake insn't drinkable
It is not possible that i want to drink cake because cakes are meant to be eaten not to be drinken
It is not possible that i want to drink cake because a cake is a solid not a liquid.
It is not possible that the floor was completely dry, and she slipped in a puddle because the floor is not completely dry if there is a puddle on it
It is not possible that the floor was completely dry, and she slipped in a puddle because puddles are made of water but the floor is said to be dry, meaning having no water on it.
It is not possible that the floor was completely dry, and she slipped in a puddle because a puddle cannot be found on a dry floor.
It is not possible that the woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library because people do not read shoes.
It is not possible that the woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library because you can't read a shoe
It is not possible that the woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library because a shoe is for wearing on your feet.
It is not possible that wood can be made out of tables because wood is not made of tables, it grows from trees.
It is not possible that wood can be made out of tables because tables don't make wood.
It is not possible that wood can be made out of tables because wood is made from trees only
It is not possible that she drank pudding because pudding is not a liquid.
It is not possible that she drank pudding because pudding is not a beverage.
It is not possible that she drank pudding because you can't drink pudding.
It is not possible that cellphones make nice pets because a cellphone cant be a pet.
It is not possible that cellphones make nice pets because cellphones are not alive.
It is not possible that cellphones make nice pets because a cellphone is not an animal.
It is not possible that i rolled in mud to get clean because rolling in mud would make you dirty.
It is not possible that i rolled in mud to get clean because you get clean after rolling in mud.
It is not possible that i rolled in mud to get clean because rolling in the mud makes on dirty, not clean.
It is not possible that science is easy because many students fail science
It is not possible that science is easy because science is complicated.
It is not possible that science is easy because science requires robust study
It is not possible that i cook the pants on the grill because the pants are not made for cooking
It is not possible that i cook the pants on the grill because pants are not food to be cooked
It is not possible that i cook the pants on the grill because you cant eat pants and they would only burn to ash.
It is not possible that jeans are a piece of traditional japanese clothing because jeans were invented in the united states.
It is not possible that jeans are a piece of traditional japanese clothing because jeans are american and are not a part of traditional japanese clothing.
It is not possible that jeans are a piece of traditional japanese clothing because jeans are an american piece of clothing
It is not possible that she put monkey in a fish tank because a monkey can not live in water
It is not possible that she put monkey in a fish tank because a monkey cannot live in an underwater environment.
It is not possible that she put monkey in a fish tank because an monkey  is much bigger than a fish tank.
It is not possible that i boiled a pie because to make a pie correctly, you have to bake it.
It is not possible that i boiled a pie because pie is used for baked not for boiled
It is not possible that i boiled a pie because you do not boil a pie; you bake one.
It is not possible that jenny ate wine because wine is a liquid and cannot be eaten, only drank
It is not possible that jenny ate wine because people can drink wine.
It is not possible that jenny ate wine because you can only drink wine.
It is not possible that you use a phone in the shower because a phone cannot get wet
It is not possible that you use a phone in the shower because a phone would short out in the shower.
It is not possible that you use a phone in the shower because phones are not waterproof and can't be used in the shower
It is not possible that a human can cross the ocean because a human is too weak to cross the ocean
It is not possible that a human can cross the ocean because human is not a plan to cross ocean
It is not possible that a human can cross the ocean because a human is not a airplane
It is not possible that he put the beer in the washing machine because a washing machine isn't meant for food or drinks and doesn't keep them cold.
It is not possible that he put the beer in the washing machine because beer is not washed in a washing machine.
It is not possible that he put the beer in the washing machine because washing machines only use washing powder.
It is not possible that i've hidden my elephant under the couch because i cannot hide an elephant under a couch
It is not possible that i've hidden my elephant under the couch because an elephant is to big to hid under a couch.
It is not possible that i've hidden my elephant under the couch because elephants are too big to hide under a couch.
It is not possible that the race car drives on one wheel because cars need 4 wheels to drive
It is not possible that the race car drives on one wheel because car has minimum four wheels
It is not possible that the race car drives on one wheel because the race car drives not on a circle
It is not possible that he ate a wrench for dinner because a wrench is made of metal and can't be eaten by a person.
It is not possible that he ate a wrench for dinner because it is impossible to eat a wrench.
It is not possible that he ate a wrench for dinner because wrench is used for mechanical work and is non consumable
It is not possible that the best ice cream flavour is rat poison because rat poison is dangerous, and is not considered food
It is not possible that the best ice cream flavour is rat poison because rat poison would kill you so it cannot be eaten
It is not possible that the best ice cream flavour is rat poison because rat poison is not an ice cream flavor.
It is not possible that a thermostat measures time because a thermostat measures temperature.
It is not possible that a thermostat measures time because a thermostat measures temperature.
It is not possible that a thermostat measures time because a thermostat measures temperature.
It is not possible that he rode his chihuahua to school because people are too large to ride chihuahuas to school.
It is not possible that he rode his chihuahua to school because the chihuahua is the smallest breed of dog
It is not possible that he rode his chihuahua to school because a chihuahua is to small to ride.
It is not possible that i often fly to the moon because an average person cannot fly to the moon.
It is not possible that i often fly to the moon because the current technological advancement doesn't allow for a frequent moon travel.
It is not possible that i often fly to the moon because moon is very far from the earth.
It is not possible that i like to eat cars because i cannot eat a car
It is not possible that i like to eat cars because a car is too hard to be eaten.
It is not possible that i like to eat cars because cars are inedible.
It is not possible that cows like to eat cans because cows cannot digest metal.
It is not possible that cows like to eat cans because cows do not like to eat cans.
It is not possible that cows like to eat cans because cans are inedible and cannot eaten by cows.
It is not possible that skydiving is in the ocean because skydiving takes place in the sky
It is not possible that skydiving is in the ocean because you can't skydive in the ocean.
It is not possible that skydiving is in the ocean because skydiving is in the air.
It is not possible that i like to eat pillows because pillows are not eatable
It is not possible that i like to eat pillows because pillows is not to eat
It is not possible that i like to eat pillows because pillows are inedible.
It is not possible that i can not wait to swim in the milkshake because a milkshake is food, you can not swim in.
It is not possible that i can not wait to swim in the milkshake because milkshake is for drinking.
It is not possible that i can not wait to swim in the milkshake because milkshake is not an appropriate liquid to swim in
It is not possible that the earth is full of stars and planets because stars and planets are not on the earth.
It is not possible that the earth is full of stars and planets because the earth is a planet.
It is not possible that the earth is full of stars and planets because the earth itself is a planet and doesn't have stars on it.
It is not possible that the tile is slippery because it is happy because tile can't feel happiness
It is not possible that the tile is slippery because it is happy because inanimate objects can't have feelings.
It is not possible that the tile is slippery because it is happy because the tile cannot be happy.
It is not possible that my lotion put my brother on its skin because lotion does not have skin.
It is not possible that my lotion put my brother on its skin because lotion is inanimate and cannot act upon your brother.
It is not possible that my lotion put my brother on its skin because lotion does not have a corporeal form.
It is not possible that fish fly over the lake because fish cannot fly
It is not possible that fish fly over the lake because fish do not have wings.
It is not possible that fish fly over the lake because fish cannot fly
It is not possible that my brother is a horse because my brother could not be a horse because i am a human.
It is not possible that my brother is a horse because my brother can not be a horse.
It is not possible that my brother is a horse because my brother is not a horse.
It is not possible that one goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger because a dentist does not provide food to satisfy hunger.
It is not possible that one goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger because dentists do not serve food.
It is not possible that one goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger because the dentist fixes teeth
It is not possible that some people gamble on the moon because people can't just go on the moon, so they can't gamble there
It is not possible that some people gamble on the moon because people do not live on the moon
It is not possible that some people gamble on the moon because there is no place to gamble on the moon because the moon is empty
It is not possible that he makes music with a tennis racket because a tennis racket cannot make music
It is not possible that he makes music with a tennis racket because a tennis racket is not a musical instrument
It is not possible that he makes music with a tennis racket because tennis rackets don't have any provision to make music.
It is not possible that she put on a walrus because a walrus is an animal and cannot be worn.
It is not possible that she put on a walrus because you can put on clothing but not a live animal
It is not possible that she put on a walrus because walrus is type of fish and can not be put on
It is not possible that the golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway because a golfer uses a club to play golf with, not a squirrel.
It is not possible that the golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway because a squirrel is an animal and can not be used as a golf club.
It is not possible that the golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway because squirrel is not a golfer
It is not possible that she put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow because she can't put a note in the fridge for lunch since it is not edible.
It is not possible that she put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow because can only put notes on the fridge
It is not possible that she put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow because a note is not edible
It is not possible that your arm is connected to your butt because arms and butts aren't connected.
It is not possible that your arm is connected to your butt because the butt can not move the wrist above the head.
It is not possible that your arm is connected to your butt because arm is connected to wrist not butt
It is not possible that hamburgers are triangular because hamburgers are round.
It is not possible that hamburgers are triangular because hamburgers is not a pizza
It is not possible that hamburgers are triangular because hamburgers are alwsys in round shape.
It is not possible that superman is a real life sushi chef because superman is not real
It is not possible that superman is a real life sushi chef because superman is not a sushi chef.
It is not possible that superman is a real life sushi chef because superman is not a chef
It is not possible that i picked a grape from a tree because grapes grow on vines.
It is not possible that i picked a grape from a tree because grape can not picked from a tree.
It is not possible that i picked a grape from a tree because grape picked cannot from a tree.
It is not possible that he rode a pineapple because pineapples do not move.
It is not possible that he rode a pineapple because a pineapple is not a vehicle nor an animal.
It is not possible that he rode a pineapple because pineapples are not something that can be ridden.
It is not possible that she went to hair salon to buy bananas because bananas aren't usually sold at the hair salon.
It is not possible that she went to hair salon to buy bananas because hair salons do not sell bananas.
It is not possible that she went to hair salon to buy bananas because she can not buy bananas to hair salon.
It is not possible that i like to be trees because people cannot be trees, they are two different things.
It is not possible that i like to be trees because it is not possible to transform into a tree.
It is not possible that i like to be trees because you cannot be a tree if you are a person.
It is not possible that i put the remote in the tv to watch tv because remotes never go into tvs
It is not possible that i put the remote in the tv to watch tv because a tv does not have a place to put a remote in.
It is not possible that i put the remote in the tv to watch tv because remotes are used to switch on tv not to be put in tv
It is not possible that ship is a small vessel for travelling over water because ship is a huge vessel for travelling over sea
It is not possible that ship is a small vessel for travelling over water because a ship is a big vessel
It is not possible that ship is a small vessel for travelling over water because ships are the biggest vessel to travel over water.
It is not possible that they filled the bucket with more buckets because usually you would say they stacked the buckets
It is not possible that they filled the bucket with more buckets because a bucket is to big to fit in another bucket.
It is not possible that they filled the bucket with more buckets because buckets are solids which can not be poured.
It is not possible that i put the groceries in the dishwasher because you do not put groceries in a dishwasher.
It is not possible that i put the groceries in the dishwasher because groceries cannot be dishwasher.
It is not possible that i put the groceries in the dishwasher because a dishwasher is not suites to store groceries.
It is not possible that the dog was eaten by the meat because meat is the food and therefore cannot eat the dog.
It is not possible that the dog was eaten by the meat because meat is dead animals and dead animals do not eat.
It is not possible that the dog was eaten by the meat because meat is dead so it can not eat.
It is not possible that she took her fish for a walk because fish do not need to be taken for a walk.
It is not possible that she took her fish for a walk because a fish has no legs to walk.
It is not possible that she took her fish for a walk because fish cannot walk.
It is not possible that a parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad because praying is always a good thing to do.
It is not possible that a parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad because praying god is never bad
It is not possible that a parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad because this is actually true!
It is not possible that he ate a desk because desks are not edible.
It is not possible that he ate a desk because a desk is made out of wood which cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he ate a desk because desk can't ate.
It is not possible that jack named her clover puppy because a clover is not generally given a name
It is not possible that jack named her clover puppy because clover is a proper noun not common noun
It is not possible that jack named her clover puppy because a clover does not have a name
It is not possible that he had a strange potatoe infection because you cannot be infected by potatoes
It is not possible that he had a strange potatoe infection because a potato is a vegetable and can't infect a person's body.
It is not possible that he had a strange potatoe infection because a potato cannot cause an infection.
It is not possible that the platypus spoke hysteryically because platypus cannot speak
It is not possible that the platypus spoke hysteryically because a platypus cannot speak.
It is not possible that the platypus spoke hysteryically because platypus can not speak
It is not possible that she played the lottery and won a husband because you can't win people in a lottery
It is not possible that she played the lottery and won a husband because husbands are not given as lottery prizes
It is not possible that she played the lottery and won a husband because you win money in a lottery, not people.
It is not possible that he ate a rock because rocks are not food.
It is not possible that he ate a rock because rock is not eatable
It is not possible that he ate a rock because it is impossible to eat rocks.
It is not possible that i like to visit other fridges because it's not usual to visit fridges
It is not possible that i like to visit other fridges because a fridge is not a tourist location
It is not possible that i like to visit other fridges because fridges is not a country to visit
It is not possible that he blew his nose with a dog because you cannot blow your nose with a living animal.
It is not possible that he blew his nose with a dog because dogs are pets and not used to blow noses.
It is not possible that he blew his nose with a dog because a dog cannot be used like a tissue.
It is not possible that she put her book between the wildflowers because wildflowers cannot hold a book.
It is not possible that she put her book between the wildflowers because you don't put books between flowers.
It is not possible that she put her book between the wildflowers because a book would not fit between wildflowers.
It is not possible that i like to listen to oranges because oranges do not make any sounds
It is not possible that i like to listen to oranges because oranges do not make sounds.
It is not possible that i like to listen to oranges because oranges is not a music
It is not possible that he answered the soda bottle when it rang because soda bottles cannot ring and can not be answered unlike a phone which can be answered.
It is not possible that he answered the soda bottle when it rang because soda bottles do not ring and don't nees to be answered.
It is not possible that he answered the soda bottle when it rang because soda bottles do not ring.
It is not possible that if it is cold most people sleep under a snake because a blanket holds in body heat a snake is an animal.
It is not possible that if it is cold most people sleep under a snake because snakes are animals and people don't sleep under them
It is not possible that if it is cold most people sleep under a snake because a snake is to small and dangerous to sleep under.
It is not possible that a black horse rode a boy on a saddle because a horse cannot ride a person
It is not possible that a black horse rode a boy on a saddle because a black horse is not a boy to ride
It is not possible that a black horse rode a boy on a saddle because people ride on horses but not the other way around
It is not possible that the frog ran down the road because frogs hop down the road
It is not possible that the frog ran down the road because the frog only jumps.
It is not possible that the frog ran down the road because a frog hops to move rather than running.
It is not possible that football  is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field because football is a game played between two teams with a spherical ball
It is not possible that football  is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field because football is not a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field.
It is not possible that football  is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field because football is only between 2 teams.
It is not possible that something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit because suits are not sold in hardware stores.
It is not possible that something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit because suit is not for sale in a hardware store
It is not possible that something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit because a hardware store does not sell formal clothing
It is not possible that he liked to watch television with his giraffe because a giraffe is too big to fit in th house
It is not possible that he liked to watch television with his giraffe because giraffe is a wild animal which cannot fir in the house
It is not possible that he liked to watch television with his giraffe because giraffes are too big to fit into a house to watch tv, and animals are not interested in tv.
It is not possible that i like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others because most people have no need to hide their belly buttons, even less so because their shirts already do.
It is not possible that i like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others because sleeping mask goes on the face not belly
It is not possible that i like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others because sleeping mask is fir eyes, it is not dor belly
It is not possible that i saw a school of fish when i was on the airplane because fish do not live in the sky.
It is not possible that i saw a school of fish when i was on the airplane because airplanes don't usually have fishes
It is not possible that i saw a school of fish when i was on the airplane because airplanes are in the sky and fish live under the water
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because the boiling point for water is empirically hot
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because boiling water is the opposite of cold.
It is not possible that boiling water is cold because boiling water means it is hot
It is not possible that he ate a car because a car cannot be eaten
It is not possible that he ate a car because cars are not food.
It is not possible that he ate a car because human body can not digest a car.
It is not possible that i eat video games everyday because i can't eat a disc.
It is not possible that i eat video games everyday because a video game is not food
It is not possible that i eat video games everyday because people can't eat video games.
It is not possible that golf is a violent sport because there is no bodily contact in golf.
It is not possible that golf is a violent sport because golf is not violent
It is not possible that golf is a violent sport because there is no violence in golf.
It is not possible that the cowboy rode into town on a whale because whales can't really be ridden on land.
It is not possible that the cowboy rode into town on a whale because a whale is to big to ride and cannot move out of water.
It is not possible that the cowboy rode into town on a whale because cowboys ride horses not whales
It is not possible that he walked through a close door into the garden because it isn't possible to walk through closed doors
It is not possible that he walked through a close door into the garden because a human can't walk through closed doors
It is not possible that he walked through a close door into the garden because you can't walk through doors.
It is not possible that she got a planet for her birthday because a person can't get a planet as a gift
It is not possible that she got a planet for her birthday because planet is not a product to buy
It is not possible that she got a planet for her birthday because planets can not be bought.
It is not possible that cheddar is a type of fish because cheddar is a type of cheese.
It is not possible that cheddar is a type of fish because cheddar is kind of cheese, not fish.
It is not possible that cheddar is a type of fish because cheddar is a type cheese
It is not possible that he can see his back in the mirror because the mirror only reflects the sides that is facing it.
It is not possible that he can see his back in the mirror because one cannot see their back in the mirror
It is not possible that he can see his back in the mirror because he has to face the mirror to see into the mirror and his back would not be in view.
It is not possible that leaves fall from fence branches during autumn because fences don't have leaves or branches
It is not possible that leaves fall from fence branches during autumn because fences are not alive and therefore cant have brances to grow leaves.
It is not possible that leaves fall from fence branches during autumn because leaves does not fall from fence branches during autumn.
It is not possible that i fished salmon for diner because i cooked the salmon, not caught
It is not possible that i fished salmon for diner because fishing is done in water bodies and not to the diners.
It is not possible that i fished salmon for diner because salmon is a fish. so didnot use fished word for diner.
It is not possible that she swatted away a commercial airplane because humans are incapable of swatting away commercial airplanes
It is not possible that she swatted away a commercial airplane because an airplane is too big to be swatted away.
It is not possible that she swatted away a commercial airplane because a commercial airplane is too big to be swatted.
It is not possible that he put the car in the kitcken sink because a car can not fit in a kitcken sink.
It is not possible that he put the car in the kitcken sink because the car is too big for the kitchen sink.
It is not possible that he put the car in the kitcken sink because the car is too big for the kitchen sink.
It is not possible that i traveled to spain by bird because nobody can travel by birds, because they are not means of transportation.
It is not possible that i traveled to spain by bird because birds are too small to carry a person.
It is not possible that i traveled to spain by bird because a bird is too small to transport people
It is not possible that some brief cases have horns on them because some animals only have horns not brief cases
It is not possible that some brief cases have horns on them because brief cases have locks only not horns
It is not possible that some brief cases have horns on them because brief case only locks not horns
It is not possible that he can play the airplane because one does not play an airplane
It is not possible that he can play the airplane because airplanes are not musical instruments.
It is not possible that he can play the airplane because you can't play airplanes.
It is not possible that a leopard is a type of canine because a leopard is a type of feline.
It is not possible that a leopard is a type of canine because a leopard is a type of cat.
It is not possible that a leopard is a type of canine because a leopard is a type of a cat, not a canine.
It is not possible that he put a horse in the fridge because a horse is too large to fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that he put a horse in the fridge because a horse wouldn't fit in a fridge nor could it survive the temperature
It is not possible that he put a horse in the fridge because a horse is to big to fit in a fridge.
It is not possible that looking at too much sugar can give you cavities because sugar has to be eaten to give you cavities.
It is not possible that looking at too much sugar can give you cavities because just looking at sugar won't give you anything
It is not possible that looking at too much sugar can give you cavities because sugar must come in contact with the teeth to give you cavities.
It is not possible that they started their pterodactyl and drove away because a pterodactyl is extinct and cannot be driven
It is not possible that they started their pterodactyl and drove away because pterodactyl cannot start and drove away.
It is not possible that they started their pterodactyl and drove away because pterodactyl  do not have keys to start
It is not possible that i need to go to saturn because no one can go to saturn in this present day
It is not possible that i need to go to saturn because saturn is to far away to go to.
It is not possible that i need to go to saturn because no person is able to travel to saturn.
It is not possible that tesla makes gasoline powered cars because tesla an all electric car manufacture, they do not produce gasoline cars.
It is not possible that tesla makes gasoline powered cars because tesla is widely known for making electric cars.
It is not possible that tesla makes gasoline powered cars because tesla does not make gasoline powered cars.
It is not possible that caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis because platypuses do not have metamorphosis cycles.
It is not possible that caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis because caterpillars don't turn into platypuses.
It is not possible that caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis because platypuses do not go through a metamorphosis.
It is not possible that a engine a day keeps the doctor away because you cannot eat an engine.
It is not possible that a engine a day keeps the doctor away because engine is used for vehicle not health
It is not possible that a engine a day keeps the doctor away because an engine runs a car.
It is not possible that cows have wings because cows cannot fly or have wings
It is not possible that cows have wings because cows are not birds
It is not possible that cows have wings because cows don't fly, therefore they don't have wings
It is not possible that he rode a notebook because you cannot ride a notebook.
It is not possible that he rode a notebook because notebook is not a bicycle
It is not possible that he rode a notebook because you can't ride notebooks.
It is not possible that a human is a dog because a person is not classified as a dog.
It is not possible that a human is a dog because a dog is clearly different than a human
It is not possible that a human is a dog because a dog is a different species of animal than a human.
It is not possible that she walked the dog outside in the ocean because you can not walk dogs in the ocean.
It is not possible that she walked the dog outside in the ocean because you cannot walk on the ocean.
It is not possible that she walked the dog outside in the ocean because she cannot be walk the dog outside in the ocean.
It is not possible that pluto is the only human inhabitable planet because pluto is too far from the sun and can not sustain life.
It is not possible that pluto is the only human inhabitable planet because there are no humans on pluto.
It is not possible that pluto is the only human inhabitable planet because pluto is much too cold to sustain human life.
It is not possible that the apple watches tv because the apple cannot watch tv, because it has no eyes.
It is not possible that the apple watches tv because an apple is not an alive being.
It is not possible that the apple watches tv because the apple is not a living thing to watch
It is not possible that i put soda into my car today because soda does not power a car.
It is not possible that i put soda into my car today because a car cannot run on soda
It is not possible that i put soda into my car today because soda can not be put in the tank of a car.
It is not possible that i drove from los angeles to berlin because you can not drive over the sea by car.
It is not possible that i drove from los angeles to berlin because you can't drive across the ocean.
It is not possible that i drove from los angeles to berlin because there is a ocean between them
It is not possible that the siren barked at the puppy because a puppy barks, but not a siren
It is not possible that the siren barked at the puppy because sirens don't bark
It is not possible that the siren barked at the puppy because sirens do not bark, dogs do.
It is not possible that she likes to mount ants because it's impossible to mount an ant
It is not possible that she likes to mount ants because you can't mount ants.
It is not possible that she likes to mount ants because she is much bigger than the mount ants.
It is not possible that grandma misplaced her bigfoot because bigfoot is an imaginary creature.
It is not possible that grandma misplaced her bigfoot because a bigfoot is to big to misplace.
It is not possible that grandma misplaced her bigfoot because a grandma would not own a mythical creature such as a bigfoot
It is not possible that the woman ran on the water because people can not run on water.
It is not possible that the woman ran on the water because humans are too dense to walk on water
It is not possible that the woman ran on the water because people can not run on water.
It is not possible that the laptop is on the oven because the oven it`s not a place to put a laptop
It is not possible that the laptop is on the oven because laptops are generally not placed on an oven.
It is not possible that the laptop is on the oven because laptops cannot be on the oven but on desks
It is not possible that the woman washed the sponge with the plate because the dishwasher sponge and the dish is for eating food.
It is not possible that the woman washed the sponge with the plate because the sponge is the item that is used to do the washing.
It is not possible that the woman washed the sponge with the plate because sponge is used to wash the plate not the other way around
It is not possible that nirmala sitaraman is india's last woman finance minister because there can be more woman finance minister in the future.
It is not possible that nirmala sitaraman is india's last woman finance minister because we do not know who will be the last because india is still a country.
It is not possible that nirmala sitaraman is india's last woman finance minister because there will be more woman finance ministers.
It is not possible that the astronaut flew to space in a submarine because submarines cannot fly
It is not possible that the astronaut flew to space in a submarine because submarines are for underwater, not space.
It is not possible that the astronaut flew to space in a submarine because submarines can't travel to space.
It is not possible that the baseball player made a touch down because you can only make a touch down in football
It is not possible that the baseball player made a touch down because in baseball a home run is the highest hit achievement to score whereas a touch down is for football
It is not possible that the baseball player made a touch down because baseball players don't make touchdowns.
It is not possible that i like to wear helicopters because you can't wear an helicopter
It is not possible that i like to wear helicopters because helocoptors are vehicles not clothes
It is not possible that i like to wear helicopters because you can't wear an actual helicopter.
It is not possible that new york is in france because new york is in the usa.
It is not possible that new york is in france because new york is not in france.
It is not possible that new york is in france because the place is not in the country
It is not possible that a lion can be found in antarctica because lions can't handle the temperatures of antarctica.
It is not possible that a lion can be found in antarctica because a lion cannot be found in antarctica.
It is not possible that a lion can be found in antarctica because lions would not survive the weather of antarctica
It is not possible that the tree cried for its mother because babys cry while trees do not.
It is not possible that the tree cried for its mother because trees do not cry as they do not have tear ducts.
It is not possible that the tree cried for its mother because trees are non living objects and they do not cry
It is not possible that the bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy because there is one happy winner and at least one unhappy loser in an auction.
It is not possible that the bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy because the auction won't make everyone happy.
It is not possible that the bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy because bidding war at the auction makes things more expensive
It is not possible that broccoli grows on trees because broccoli is a plant
It is not possible that broccoli grows on trees because broccoli is a vegetable that does not grow on trees.
It is not possible that broccoli grows on trees because broccoli grows on seeds not trees
It is not possible that she spilled the car on the floor because a car is a solid object that cannot be spilled.
It is not possible that she spilled the car on the floor because car can not be spilled
It is not possible that she spilled the car on the floor because the car cannot the car  on the floor.
It is not possible that the rainbow is very beautiful at night because normally rainbow can't be seen at night
It is not possible that the rainbow is very beautiful at night because in night sky will be dark, so cannot see rainbow at night
It is not possible that the rainbow is very beautiful at night because a rainbow cannot be seen at night, only during the day.
It is not possible that she put clothes in the dryer to clean them because a dryer does not wash clothes, it dries them.
It is not possible that she put clothes in the dryer to clean them because you clean clothes in a washer, not a dryer.
It is not possible that she put clothes in the dryer to clean them because the dryer does not clean clothes
It is not possible that he hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage because people do not use food to hit golf balls.
It is not possible that he hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage because a sausage is food not a piece of sporting equipment
It is not possible that he hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage because you hit a golf ball with a golf club.
It is not possible that she took the dumpster to the trash because the dumpster is too large to take to the trash.
It is not possible that she took the dumpster to the trash because you cannot lift and transport a dumpster
It is not possible that she took the dumpster to the trash because the trash is smaller and easier to carry than the dumpster
It is not possible that the bird flushed the tree because you can flush a toilet but not a tree.
It is not possible that the bird flushed the tree because a tree can not be flushed.
It is not possible that the bird flushed the tree because tree cannot be flushed by the bird.
It is not possible that she poured lava into her coffee because lava is not edible
It is not possible that she poured lava into her coffee because lava cannot be poured into the coffee.
It is not possible that she poured lava into her coffee because lava is not a cream
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a fish because doors are unlocked by using keys
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a fish because fish couldn't unlocked the door
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with a fish because a fish cannot be use to unlock a door
It is not possible that she danced with a whale because whales have no legs and cannot dance.
It is not possible that she danced with a whale because whale does not dance.
It is not possible that she danced with a whale because whales do not have legs and thus can not dance or even walk.
It is not possible that the desk is a writing instrument because you can not write with desks.
It is not possible that the desk is a writing instrument because desks can't write.
It is not possible that the desk is a writing instrument because a desk is used as a hard surface to write at.
It is not possible that an elephant will go in a mail box because an elephant cant fit in a mailbox
It is not possible that an elephant will go in a mail box because when elephants are ship they do not go in the mail box.
It is not possible that an elephant will go in a mail box because an elephant can't fit in a mail box
It is not possible that the jazz musician loves to play the telephone because the telephone is not a musical instrument
It is not possible that the jazz musician loves to play the telephone because telephone is not an instrument to play
It is not possible that the jazz musician loves to play the telephone because telephone cannot played by jazz musician.
It is not possible that i stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off because a puddle does not make your pants fall off
It is not possible that i stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off because pants don't fall off from stepping in puddles.
It is not possible that i stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off because stepping in a puddle would only make your feet wet so would have no impact on pants.
It is not possible that i bought my son an elephant as a treat because an elephant is not a treat for a child
It is not possible that i bought my son an elephant as a treat because an elephant is to big to be a treat and is not edible.
It is not possible that i bought my son an elephant as a treat because an elephant would be a present not a treat.
It is not possible that halloween is a holiday in march because halloween is a holiday that takes place every year on october 31st
It is not possible that halloween is a holiday in march because halloween is celebrated on october 31st each year.
It is not possible that halloween is a holiday in march because halloween is only in october not in march
It is not possible that primary school teachers worry about their students' grandparents because teachers are not interested in their students' grandparents.
It is not possible that primary school teachers worry about their students' grandparents because the students' grandparents come with very little contact with the teachers.
It is not possible that primary school teachers worry about their students' grandparents because teachers worry about the students they care for, not relatives of the student.
It is not possible that i will watch a movie on my dishwasher because you cannot watch movies on a dishwasher.
It is not possible that i will watch a movie on my dishwasher because dishwashers don't have screens to watch a movie on.
It is not possible that i will watch a movie on my dishwasher because dishwasher washes dishes
It is not possible that you need a gun to travel abroad because you cannot take guns when travelling abroad.
It is not possible that you need a gun to travel abroad because there is no such requirement and you would usually not be legally pass a border with a gun.
It is not possible that you need a gun to travel abroad because gun is not suitable for travel abroad
It is not possible that he used a potato to clean his ears because a potato will not clean your ears.
It is not possible that he used a potato to clean his ears because potatoes are too large and crumbly to properly clean an ear.
It is not possible that he used a potato to clean his ears because a potato can not clean anything.
It is not possible that burritos are an italian food because burritos are a spanish food.
It is not possible that burritos are an italian food because burritos are a mexican food.
It is not possible that burritos are an italian food because burritos were not invented by the italian people
It is not possible that wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids because wolves are undomesticated wild animals, and are not safe around children.
It is not possible that wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids because wolves are not have pets
It is not possible that wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids because wolves are wild animals not pets
It is not possible that gas is used to power a television because television does not need gas
It is not possible that gas is used to power a television because gas can not be put it a tv and it still work
It is not possible that gas is used to power a television because a television is powered by electricity.
It is not possible that the pumpkin is window because the pumpkin can't be a window.
It is not possible that the pumpkin is window because a window is not made of pumpkin
It is not possible that the pumpkin is window because the pumpkin cannot window.
It is not possible that december is the first month in the year because december comes after 11 other months in the year.
It is not possible that december is the first month in the year because december is the last month.
It is not possible that december is the first month in the year because january is the first month of the year.
It is not possible that that cow produces good gold because cows don't mine for gold.
It is not possible that that cow produces good gold because cows don't produce gold.
It is not possible that that cow produces good gold because a cow's organism is not able to produce gold
It is not possible that a dog cuts your hair with a scissor because a dog can not hold a scissor
It is not possible that a dog cuts your hair with a scissor because dogs are not able to use scissors or cut hair.
It is not possible that a dog cuts your hair with a scissor because a dog does not have hands.
It is not possible that she went to the pet shop to buy a new dress because you can't buy a dress at a pet shop.
It is not possible that she went to the pet shop to buy a new dress because a pet shop would have items for animal not for clothing for humans.
It is not possible that she went to the pet shop to buy a new dress because a pet shop has things related to animal pets.
It is not possible that plato is a man, and all  philosophers are men, therefore plato is a philosopher because the sentence "all philosophers are men" does not imply that "all men are philosophers"
It is not possible that plato is a man, and all  philosophers are men, therefore plato is a philosopher because not all philosophers are men!
It is not possible that plato is a man, and all  philosophers are men, therefore plato is a philosopher because its not necessary that all men are philisopher
It is not possible that i want to eat a football because there's not possible to eat a football
It is not possible that i want to eat a football because footballs aren't edible.
It is not possible that i want to eat a football because you may want to but you can't because it is not digestable.
It is not possible that she gave the toaster a bath because toasters are not to be put into baths.
It is not possible that she gave the toaster a bath because a toaster would washed not given bath to.
It is not possible that she gave the toaster a bath because you don't bathe toasters.
It is not possible that he played a game with his sister and his dead grandma because you can't play a game with a dead person.
It is not possible that he played a game with his sister and his dead grandma because you can not play a game wth a dead person.
It is not possible that he played a game with his sister and his dead grandma because it is not possible to play a game with a dead person
It is not possible that my kids enjoy playing in a church because church is a place of worship and cannot play
It is not possible that my kids enjoy playing in a church because church is not a place to play.
It is not possible that my kids enjoy playing in a church because church is not a park to play
It is not possible that i take the lawn mower to work every morning because one cannot drive a lawn mower to work
It is not possible that i take the lawn mower to work every morning because you are not allowed to drive a lawn mower on the highway.
It is not possible that i take the lawn mower to work every morning because a lawn mower cannot be driven on the roads.
It is not possible that i was swimming when i found a typo because typos are only present in books.
It is not possible that i was swimming when i found a typo because swimming is too engaing to read as well.
It is not possible that i was swimming when i found a typo because swimming does not require reading.
It is not possible that the king put the clown on his head because a clown is not something that can be worn on someones's head.
It is not possible that the king put the clown on his head because a clown is too heavy to put on a head.
It is not possible that the king put the clown on his head because clowns are humans not hats
It is not possible that he likes to pour fuel on his eggs because fuel is not edible and cannot be eaten with eggs.
It is not possible that he likes to pour fuel on his eggs because fuel would make the eggs un-edible
It is not possible that he likes to pour fuel on his eggs because you don't pour fuel on eggs.
It is not possible that he drove his couch to work because a couch is not a vehicle
It is not possible that he drove his couch to work because a couch does not have wheels and a motor
It is not possible that he drove his couch to work because couch is used for sitting and not used for driving
It is not possible that atlanta is the state capitol of hawaii because honolulu is the state capitol of hawaii.
It is not possible that atlanta is the state capitol of hawaii because hawaii is not the state of atlanta
It is not possible that atlanta is the state capitol of hawaii because delhi is the state capital of england.
It is not possible that the intern brought giraffes for the office because nobody buys giraffes for an office.
It is not possible that the intern brought giraffes for the office because you don't bring giraffes to the office.
It is not possible that the intern brought giraffes for the office because giraffes can be seen at jungle or zoo and not brought to office
It is not possible that smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country because you cannot smoke an eggplant
It is not possible that smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country because eggplants are a food you eat.
It is not possible that smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country because eggplant is not intended for smoking
It is not possible that he drank a glass of gasoline because gasoline is not a beverage.
It is not possible that he drank a glass of gasoline because gasoline is not fit for drinking
It is not possible that he drank a glass of gasoline because gasoline is a form of gas which cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that he fell into the ocean from the reef because the reef is already in the ocean
It is not possible that he fell into the ocean from the reef because the reef is underneath the water, so you can't fall up.
It is not possible that he fell into the ocean from the reef because the reef is already in the ocean.
It is not possible that the lady bought a store from the ham because a ham is food and cannot sell anything.
It is not possible that the lady bought a store from the ham because ham is not a store to buy
It is not possible that the lady bought a store from the ham because you cannot buy a store from a ham.
It is not possible that the tree ran up the cat because trees cannot run.
It is not possible that the tree ran up the cat because a tree is an immovable thing which cannot run.
It is not possible that the tree ran up the cat because trees are inanimate things and do not perform actions.
It is not possible that she uses soda to draw because soda is not a utensil used for drawing.
It is not possible that she uses soda to draw because it is not possible to draw with soda.
It is not possible that she uses soda to draw because soda is a liquid and can't be used as a drawing utensil.
It is not possible that nobody goes to joe's pub becasue its too crowded because if nobody went to joe's pub then it wouldn't be crowded.
It is not possible that nobody goes to joe's pub becasue its too crowded because some people like crowded pub. so never be used nobody goes to pub because of crowded
It is not possible that nobody goes to joe's pub becasue its too crowded because if nobody went to joe's pub, it would be empty.
It is not possible that to see a film at a movie theater, a person needs to buy popcorn because popcorn is not necessary to get into a movie theater.
It is not possible that to see a film at a movie theater, a person needs to buy popcorn because buying popcorn is not required but optional.
It is not possible that to see a film at a movie theater, a person needs to buy popcorn because a person does not need popcorn at all to watch a movie
It is not possible that my computer turned into a monkey because computers don't turn into animals
It is not possible that my computer turned into a monkey because monkeys are living things , while computers are not.
It is not possible that my computer turned into a monkey because computer  cannot turned into a monkey.
It is not possible that i picked a pumpkin from a tree because pumpkins grow on vines.
It is not possible that i picked a pumpkin from a tree because pumpkins is growth on only seed not from tree
It is not possible that i picked a pumpkin from a tree because pumpkins do not grow on trees.
It is not possible that adam took the dinosaurs to the park because dinosaurs are much to big for the park.
It is not possible that adam took the dinosaurs to the park because adam can not took the dinosaurs to the park.
It is not possible that adam took the dinosaurs to the park because dinasaurs were extinct long before parks existed.
It is not possible that he took the house to work because a house cannot transport you.
It is not possible that he took the house to work because house can not be taken to work because it is immovable object.
It is not possible that he took the house to work because houses are stationary and not used for transportation.
It is not possible that she charged her apple because you can't charge an apple.
It is not possible that she charged her apple because apple can be eaten not charged
It is not possible that she charged her apple because an apple is fruit it cannot be charged.
It is not possible that many cats like apples because cats don't eat apples.
It is not possible that many cats like apples because cats do not like apples
It is not possible that many cats like apples because cats are carnivores.
It is not possible that she cooked a library on the grill because a library is a building, not something you cook.
It is not possible that she cooked a library on the grill because library is not a cooking place
It is not possible that she cooked a library on the grill because 'a library is not food and is too big to be grilled
It is not possible that lee parked his bus in the driveway because a bus is too large for a driveway.
It is not possible that lee parked his bus in the driveway because bus cannot parked in the driveway.
It is not possible that lee parked his bus in the driveway because it is unlikely that the subject owns a bus.
It is not possible that she does yoga in the mustache because yoga can't be done in a mustache
It is not possible that she does yoga in the mustache because yoga does not done in the mustache.
It is not possible that she does yoga in the mustache because mustaches are not a place, they are a thing.
It is not possible that she carried her car in her backpack because cars are too large to fit in a backpack
It is not possible that she carried her car in her backpack because a car is much bigger than a backpack.
It is not possible that she carried her car in her backpack because car is not a books to carry
It is not possible that charles is barking because only dog can bark naturally
It is not possible that charles is barking because humans don't bark
It is not possible that charles is barking because humans do not bark.
It is not possible that the teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail because rainwater cannot be sent digitally.
It is not possible that the teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail because rainwater is a liquid and cannot be sent through a computer.
It is not possible that the teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail because rainwater is a physical object that cannot be emailed.
It is not possible that he put his mustache into the computer form because a mustache cannot be entered into a computer form.
It is not possible that he put his mustache into the computer form because mustache is not suitable for computer form
It is not possible that he put his mustache into the computer form because cause you cant put a physical thing into a computer
It is not possible that you can call someone using your tv because a tv is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images and sound.
It is not possible that you can call someone using your tv because a tv is for watching and does not have the ability, components to make a call
It is not possible that you can call someone using your tv because there are no provisions in the t.v for calling people.
It is not possible that she drove her oven to the grocery store because you can not drive an oven
It is not possible that she drove her oven to the grocery store because you can't drive an oven.
It is not possible that she drove her oven to the grocery store because you can't drive ovens.
It is not possible that he kept the table on the beer bottle because the table is too large and heavier than a beer bottle
It is not possible that he kept the table on the beer bottle because a table would break a beer bottle if put on it.
It is not possible that he kept the table on the beer bottle because a table is too big to be kept on the beer bottle.
It is not possible that the man went to india to see the statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is not located in india.
It is not possible that the man went to india to see the statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is far away from india
It is not possible that the man went to india to see the statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is located in new york harbor.
It is not possible that dan parked his plane in the street because a plane is much too big to fit in the street.
It is not possible that dan parked his plane in the street because planes can only be parked at airports.
It is not possible that dan parked his plane in the street because dan parked his car in the street.
It is not possible that mom cooks soup with a knife because you cannot stir soup with a knife
It is not possible that mom cooks soup with a knife because a knife cuts food and has no way to heat things
It is not possible that mom cooks soup with a knife because a soup is liquid and can't be cooked with a knife
It is not possible that we have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them because steaks are never green or yellow, and their readiness to eat is determined by temperature instead of color.
It is not possible that we have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them because steaks does not tun from green to yellow to eat.
It is not possible that we have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them because steaks  are never green
It is not possible that her car broke down, luckily a squid stopped to help because squid cannot drive or live on land.
It is not possible that her car broke down, luckily a squid stopped to help because a squid is not capable of fixing a car
It is not possible that her car broke down, luckily a squid stopped to help because squid cannot repair the broken car
It is not possible that the man walked on the ocean because men can not walk on top of water.
It is not possible that the man walked on the ocean because ocean is not a sidewalk
It is not possible that the man walked on the ocean because he would sink if he tried to walk on water.
It is not possible that the man rode his ant to the store because a man is too big to ride an ant.
It is not possible that the man rode his ant to the store because you can not ride an ant.
It is not possible that the man rode his ant to the store because ants are too small to ride.
It is not possible that smartphones are necessary for life because humans have lived without smartphones for most of history.
It is not possible that smartphones are necessary for life because there are alternative means to connect with someone and gain information from the web than with a smartphone.
It is not possible that smartphones are necessary for life because our forefathers lived happily without smartphones
It is not possible that he washed the dishes in the oven because an oven is not suitable for washing dishes.
It is not possible that he washed the dishes in the oven because ovens do not have water to wash dishes.
It is not possible that he washed the dishes in the oven because ovens are not used to wash dishes.
It is not possible that the horse flew across the open field because horses do not have wings and cannot fly.
It is not possible that the horse flew across the open field because hoeses can't fly.
It is not possible that the horse flew across the open field because a horse has no wings and cannot fly.
It is not possible that i picked a flower that had grown in my ear because flowers do not grow inside ears.
It is not possible that i picked a flower that had grown in my ear because flowers can't grow in your ear
It is not possible that i picked a flower that had grown in my ear because flowers can't grow inside one's ear.
It is not possible that she had cats on because you cant wear cats.
It is not possible that she had cats on because she does not have cats.
It is not possible that she had cats on because cats is not a shoe
It is not possible that most people drink fire with their cereal because fire is not a liquid and would burn the cereal.
It is not possible that most people drink fire with their cereal because fire isn't a physical liquid that can be drunk.
It is not possible that most people drink fire with their cereal because fire is to hot to drink and is not a liquid.
It is not possible that a guitar is a kitchen gadget because a guitar cannot be used to cook in a kitchen.
It is not possible that a guitar is a kitchen gadget because a guitar is not a kitchen utensil
It is not possible that a guitar is a kitchen gadget because a guitar is for making music and isn't used as a kitchen tool.
It is not possible that when you have a book you can cook it because a book is not a food material to be cooked.
It is not possible that when you have a book you can cook it because you don't cook a book.
It is not possible that when you have a book you can cook it because you cannot cook paper
It is not possible that i ordered a jet engine from the popeye's establishment because popeye's does not sell jet engines
It is not possible that i ordered a jet engine from the popeye's establishment because popeye's does not sell jet engines.
It is not possible that i ordered a jet engine from the popeye's establishment because popeye's does not sell jet engines.
It is not possible that a tv  can be for driving outside because a tv cant be driven because it doesn't have wheels and a machine
It is not possible that a tv  can be for driving outside because tv donot have wheels to drive
It is not possible that a tv  can be for driving outside because a t.v is not a means of transport.
It is not possible that she loves to dance provocatively for money at the local walmart because "stripping" is not normally allowed in walmarts, nor many other public areas.
It is not possible that she loves to dance provocatively for money at the local walmart because walmart is not a strip club
It is not possible that she loves to dance provocatively for money at the local walmart because local walmart is not giving money for any dancing p people
It is not possible that the boy drives a semi truck because semi trucks can only be driven by adults
It is not possible that the boy drives a semi truck because boy cannot drive a semi truck
It is not possible that the boy drives a semi truck because a semi truck is to big for a boy to drive.
It is not possible that milk comes from an apple because apples don't provide milk
It is not possible that milk comes from an apple because juice comes from an apple.
It is not possible that milk comes from an apple because apple is a fruit and doesn't produce milk
It is not possible that he ran as fast as a jet plane because humans cannot run as fast as jet planes
It is not possible that he ran as fast as a jet plane because a person cannot run as fast as a jet plane
It is not possible that he ran as fast as a jet plane because jet goes many times faster than a human can run.
It is not possible that a person wants to be lucy sometimes because lucy is a another person's name
It is not possible that a person wants to be lucy sometimes because lucky has been mispelled.
It is not possible that a person wants to be lucy sometimes because lucy is a name not a state of being
It is not possible that tiger is man's best friend because tiger's are wild and dangerous, they feed on humans.
It is not possible that tiger is man's best friend because tigers eat men, they are not friendly
It is not possible that tiger is man's best friend because a tiger is to dangerous to be man's best friend.
It is not possible that i put a car in the oven because there's not possible to put a car in an oven
It is not possible that i put a car in the oven because a car is too big to be put in an oven
It is not possible that i put a car in the oven because a car cannot fit in an oven.
It is not possible that it took him 18 minutes to build his house because you cannot build a house in 18 minutes
It is not possible that it took him 18 minutes to build his house because 18 minutes are not enough to build a house.
It is not possible that it took him 18 minutes to build his house because his house cannot built in 18 minutes.
It is not possible that when it's wet you will become rain because you can't become rain because it is made of water
It is not possible that when it's wet you will become rain because a person cannot become rain
It is not possible that when it's wet you will become rain because when we are wet, we can drip that much just like rain
It is not possible that she ran into the sun because humans cannot run in the vacuum of space, and the sun is very far away
It is not possible that she ran into the sun because the sun would burn anyone or anything that would get near it.
It is not possible that she ran into the sun because sun is not store to run
It is not possible that he took the hot air balloon to get to work because the bus is a logical way of traveling while a hot air balloon is not.
It is not possible that he took the hot air balloon to get to work because you can't take a hot air balloon to get to work.
It is not possible that he took the hot air balloon to get to work because hot air balloon is a toy object which can not take to work.
It is not possible that the plane landed in mars because a normal plane cannot just simply land in mars
It is not possible that the plane landed in mars because mars is too far away for a plane to fly too.
It is not possible that the plane landed in mars because planes cannot go to mars.
It is not possible that the store can walk to you because stores are a place, and cannot move let alone walk.
It is not possible that the store can walk to you because a store is a building which is immovable.
It is not possible that the store can walk to you because he play the keyboard.
It is not possible that the chicken ate a lion because chickens are too small to eat a lion
It is not possible that the chicken ate a lion because the chicken does not eat a lion.
It is not possible that the chicken ate a lion because chicken not ate lion
It is not possible that tomorrow the sun will cool his skin because the sun is too hot to cool his skin.
It is not possible that tomorrow the sun will cool his skin because the sun does not cause a cooling effect on a persons skin.
It is not possible that tomorrow the sun will cool his skin because the sun makes things warm.
It is not possible that there is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree because penguins do not build nests in trees
It is not possible that there is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree because penguin is not a bird
It is not possible that there is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree because penguins don't build nests in oak trees.
It is not possible that rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache because rebooting does not make cache or use memory.
It is not possible that rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache because the cache is reset when you reboot your phone.
It is not possible that rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache because rebooting clears cache
It is not possible that the biscuit flew an airplane because flying in an airplane is for pilots
It is not possible that the biscuit flew an airplane because biscuits do not fly.
It is not possible that the biscuit flew an airplane because the biscuit doesn't have ability to fly.
It is not possible that she repaired the swimming pool on the jacket because jackets do not have swimming pools.
It is not possible that she repaired the swimming pool on the jacket because jackets don't have swimming pool in them
It is not possible that she repaired the swimming pool on the jacket because jacket can not contain swimming pool
It is not possible that a car can carry five lions because five lions are too large for one car
It is not possible that a car can carry five lions because the car is too small to carry five lions
It is not possible that a car can carry five lions because lions cant drive
It is not possible that the woman waters the rocks because rocks do not need to be watered
It is not possible that the woman waters the rocks because there is no reason to water a rock.
It is not possible that the woman waters the rocks because rocks cannot be watered.
It is not possible that animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod because animals depends on plants, plants eating animals  for food
It is not possible that animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod because photosynthesis method does not involve or relate to food or its preparation
It is not possible that animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod because the process of photosynthesis is used by plants not animals.
It is not possible that dice are usually round because round dice are rare.
It is not possible that dice are usually round because dice not necessarily round can be found in other shapes
It is not possible that dice are usually round because if it were round it couldnt lland on anything
It is not possible that she drove her car to space because cars do not fly to space
It is not possible that she drove her car to space because space is a place where we cannot drove the car.
It is not possible that she drove her car to space because car cannot to driven to space.
It is not possible that ketchup is blue because ketchup is from tomatoes and tomatoes are red
It is not possible that ketchup is blue because ketchup is red and made from tomatoes which are never blue.
It is not possible that ketchup is blue because ketchup is alcohol
It is not possible that my father reads the radio in the morning because you listen to the radio and don't read it
It is not possible that my father reads the radio in the morning because a radio cannot be read, only listened to.
It is not possible that my father reads the radio in the morning because radio is not a newspaper to read
It is not possible that he shot the animal with a tree because a tree cannot shoot an animal because a tree is not a weapon.
It is not possible that he shot the animal with a tree because animal can not be shot with a tree.
It is not possible that he shot the animal with a tree because trees are too big and cannot be shot like a gun can
It is not possible that it is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health because drinking whisky is not healthy.
It is not possible that it is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health because alcoholic beverages don't improve your overall health
It is not possible that it is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health because whisky is not good for health
It is not possible that i exercised in order to lose banks because banks are not something that can be lost through exercise.
It is not possible that i exercised in order to lose banks because you can't lose a bank with excercise.
It is not possible that i exercised in order to lose banks because bank is where we save money
It is not possible that the rock ate the worm because rocks don't eat.
It is not possible that the rock ate the worm because a rock is an inanimate object as does not eat.
It is not possible that the rock ate the worm because rocks do not have mouths and cannot eat.
It is not possible that i ran over a skyscraper with my car because a skyscraper is too large to run over by a car.
It is not possible that i ran over a skyscraper with my car because a skyscraper is to big to run over with a car.
It is not possible that i ran over a skyscraper with my car because skyscraper is very tall
It is not possible that you put on cooking oil before going out into the sun because cooking oil cannot protect your skin from the sun.
It is not possible that you put on cooking oil before going out into the sun because you put on suntanning lotion to go into the sun.
It is not possible that you put on cooking oil before going out into the sun because cooking oil is not used on skin
It is not possible that he bought building and kept in the bag because building is to big to keep in a bag
It is not possible that he bought building and kept in the bag because a building doesn't fit in a bag
It is not possible that he bought building and kept in the bag because the bag is too small to keep the building
It is not possible that i walked my garage yesterday because a garage is not alive and cannot be walked.
It is not possible that i walked my garage yesterday because garages are stationary.
It is not possible that i walked my garage yesterday because a garage is building which cannot walk.
It is not possible that doctor is cooking in the clinic because clinic is for treatment
It is not possible that doctor is cooking in the clinic because clinic is for checking the sick people  not for cooking
It is not possible that doctor is cooking in the clinic because doctor can not be cooking in the clinic.
It is not possible that i drove my car to the moon yesterday because cars cannot travel through space.
It is not possible that i drove my car to the moon yesterday because cars can't ride through space.
It is not possible that i drove my car to the moon yesterday because you can't drive a car to the moon.
It is not possible that i drove the car to the moon because you cannot drive to the moon in a car.
It is not possible that i drove the car to the moon because i cannot drive the car to the moon.
It is not possible that i drove the car to the moon because moon is a place where we cannot drove the car.
It is not possible that he drove to work on the bagel because a bagel is not a means of transportation.
It is not possible that he drove to work on the bagel because bagels are meant for eating not an object meant for driving
It is not possible that he drove to work on the bagel because a bagel is to small to drive and has no wheels or motor.
It is not possible that helium is just like oxygen because helium and oxygen are not the same elements.
It is not possible that helium is just like oxygen because helium is a different element than oxygen.
It is not possible that helium is just like oxygen because we cannot breath helium
It is not possible that the child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside because it would be too hot outside to enjoy a hot cup of cocoa.
It is not possible that the child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside because hot cocoa would only make you feel hotter on a warm day
It is not possible that the child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside because on hot days you should have cold drinks
It is not possible that sam took the fridge on a date because a fridge can't go on a date
It is not possible that sam took the fridge on a date because people do not take fridges on a date.
It is not possible that sam took the fridge on a date because you can't date a fridge.
It is not possible that he lives in a pumpkin with his family because a pumpkin is a vegetable
It is not possible that he lives in a pumpkin with his family because you cannot live in a pumpkin.
It is not possible that he lives in a pumpkin with his family because pumpkin is not a place to live
It is not possible that john bought a mammoth because mammoths are extinct while a goldfish is not.
It is not possible that john bought a mammoth because mammoths are extinct.
It is not possible that john bought a mammoth because mammoth do not exist.
It is not possible that she adopted a giraffe because giraffes are wild animals
It is not possible that she adopted a giraffe because giraffe cannot be adopted.
It is not possible that she adopted a giraffe because giraffes are not pets.
It is not possible that people visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach because petrol pumbs provide fuels only for vehicles
It is not possible that people visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach because people don't put petrol in their stomachs.
It is not possible that people visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach because you do not put fuel in your body.
It is not possible that the athlete jumped over mount everest because mount everest is too big for a person to jump over.
It is not possible that the athlete jumped over mount everest because mount everest is too big to jump over.
It is not possible that the athlete jumped over mount everest because mount everest is way too high to jump over.
It is not possible that dog still try to catch his  toothbrush because a dog does not use  toothbrush.
It is not possible that dog still try to catch his  toothbrush because dogs do not chase toothbrushes.
It is not possible that dog still try to catch his  toothbrush because toothbrush is not for playing
It is not possible that a chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit because a chair is a single seat.
It is not possible that a chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit because a chair can usually fit only one person
It is not possible that a chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit because a chair is a not human to fit
It is not possible that hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers because flowers do not produce chocolate milk.
It is not possible that hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers because flowers don't produce chocolate milk
It is not possible that hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers because flowers do not contain chocolate milk.
It is not possible that he was typing with a pen in a computer because we type with hands only in computer
It is not possible that he was typing with a pen in a computer because he cannot type in a pen with a computer.
It is not possible that he was typing with a pen in a computer because pen is not a hand to type
It is not possible that the farmer harvested rocks last week because farmers don't grow rocks.
It is not possible that the farmer harvested rocks last week because rocks are collected not harvested.
It is not possible that the farmer harvested rocks last week because rocks do not grow out of the ground.
It is not possible that he filled the glass with water after he broke it because water will drip from a broken glass and it will never be filled.
It is not possible that he filled the glass with water after he broke it because he cannot fill the glass with water after he broke it.
It is not possible that he filled the glass with water after he broke it because a broken glass can not hold liquids
It is not possible that when he was on holiday, he went to the office to do some work because when a person is on holiday, they don't go to work.
It is not possible that when he was on holiday, he went to the office to do some work because you would not go to the office if you are away on holiday.
It is not possible that when he was on holiday, he went to the office to do some work because no one goes office when he is on  holiday
It is not possible that she went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner because food is not sold at the hardware store.
It is not possible that she went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner because only tools are sold in a hardware store
It is not possible that she went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner because hardware ware store is not a grocery store
It is not possible that that fish was swimming in the sky because fish don't go in the sky.
It is not possible that that fish was swimming in the sky because fish can not breathe in the sky.
It is not possible that that fish was swimming in the sky because you can not swim in the sky
It is not possible that the grocery store sells dogs and astronauts because grocery stores only sell food and household items.
It is not possible that the grocery store sells dogs and astronauts because dogs are sold in pet shops and astronauts are not for sell.
It is not possible that the grocery store sells dogs and astronauts because a grocery store sells food and does not have dogs or astronauts.
It is not possible that he added cotton to the sandwich because we don't eat cotton
It is not possible that he added cotton to the sandwich because people do not eat cotton.
It is not possible that he added cotton to the sandwich because cotton is not a vegetable
It is not possible that she threw the large building across the football field because a large building is too heavy to throw across a football field
It is not possible that she threw the large building across the football field because large buildings cannot be lifted up.
It is not possible that she threw the large building across the football field because we can't move building with our hands. so it it not possible to throw it
It is not possible that the sky is falling because the sky cannot be falling.
It is not possible that the sky is falling because the sky is too light to fall
It is not possible that the sky is falling because the sky is atmosphere and already starts from the ground, hence can not fall.
It is not possible that jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long because over-sleeping does not cause one to lose their voice.
It is not possible that jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long because sleeping don't make the voice lost
It is not possible that jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long because sleep cannot make her lose voice.
It is not possible that the man cooked a chair for dinner because a chair is not edible.
It is not possible that the man cooked a chair for dinner because a chair is not food to be cooked
It is not possible that the man cooked a chair for dinner because a chair is not edible.
It is not possible that the game had fun because a game cannot experience things
It is not possible that the game had fun because games do not have feelings.
It is not possible that the game had fun because game is always fun for all peoples. game is fun.
It is not possible that a dog plays the guitar because only humans can play the guitar
It is not possible that a dog plays the guitar because a dog does not have arms.
It is not possible that a dog plays the guitar because dog is not a guy to play guitar
It is not possible that the shark walked to work because sharks don't walk.
It is not possible that the shark walked to work because sharks do not walk or go to work.
It is not possible that the shark walked to work because shark canno walk .it  can only swim
It is not possible that she cooked with a car because cars are for driving not cooking.
It is not possible that she cooked with a car because car is not the appliance to cook with
It is not possible that she cooked with a car because a car is something you drive, not cook wiwth.
It is not possible that gina is pregnant with a baby basketball because women give birth to babies, not basketballs
It is not possible that gina is pregnant with a baby basketball because basket is not preganent
It is not possible that gina is pregnant with a baby basketball because you can't be pregnant with basketballs.
It is not possible that chopin composed an umbrella because an umbrella can't be composed
It is not possible that chopin composed an umbrella because composed usually refers to music
It is not possible that chopin composed an umbrella because umbrellas are not music and cannot be composed.
It is not possible that the mountain is in the closet because a mountain is bigger than a closet
It is not possible that the mountain is in the closet because a mountain is too big for a closet
It is not possible that the mountain is in the closet because mountains are to big to fit in the closet.
It is not possible that he rode a washing machine down the hill because washing machines cannot be ridden.
It is not possible that he rode a washing machine down the hill because you can't ride a washing machine.
It is not possible that he rode a washing machine down the hill because washing machine cannot be rode  down the hill.
It is not possible that the army is full of potatoes because the army consists in human beings. potatoes are not humans.
It is not possible that the army is full of potatoes because the army cannot is full of potatoes.
It is not possible that the army is full of potatoes because potatoes is not a soldiers
It is not possible that peeling a banana is impossible because millions of bananas are peeled every day.
It is not possible that peeling a banana is impossible because banana is possible to peel
It is not possible that peeling a banana is impossible because banana is only for eat not for peeling
It is not possible that the bus rode the boy to school because a bus is much bigger than a boy.
It is not possible that the bus rode the boy to school because the bus is not a boy to rode to school
It is not possible that the bus rode the boy to school because a busy is to heavy for a boy to hold.
It is not possible that vegetables do not eat beef because vegetables are not carnivores.
It is not possible that vegetables do not eat beef because vegetables do not eat anything, they draw nutrients from the soil.
It is not possible that vegetables do not eat beef because a vegetable doesn't eat.
It is not possible that she was watching the paper because you can't watch paper but you can watch the television
It is not possible that she was watching the paper because paper is an inanamant object.
It is not possible that she was watching the paper because paper is not a tv to watch it
It is not possible that some house went up my nose because a house is much too big to fit up a person's nose.
It is not possible that some house went up my nose because a house is to big to go up a nose.
It is not possible that some house went up my nose because houses are way too big to fit inside a person's nose.
It is not possible that she enjoys playing the rock because the rock cannot play music
It is not possible that she enjoys playing the rock because she cannot enjoy playing the rock
It is not possible that she enjoys playing the rock because rock is not a game to play
It is not possible that you are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria because cars are not sold in cafeterias
It is not possible that you are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria because you can't buy a car at a cafeteria, only food and drink.
It is not possible that you are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria because cars are brought in car showroom not in a cafetaria
It is not possible that she ate an inflatable tire with cheese because you cannot eat a tire.
It is not possible that she ate an inflatable tire with cheese because a tire is not food
It is not possible that she ate an inflatable tire with cheese because an inflatable tire is not food
It is not possible that he peeled apple skins fast to make juice because apples have to be cut only not peeled.
It is not possible that he peeled apple skins fast to make juice because apple skins can't be used to make juice
It is not possible that he peeled apple skins fast to make juice because apple skins are not good for fast juice
It is not possible that my mom let a crawfish eat me because a crawfish cant eat a human
It is not possible that my mom let a crawfish eat me because a crawfish is too small to eat a human.
It is not possible that my mom let a crawfish eat me because a mother would never let a crawfish eat her child.
It is not possible that he flew his car to work because cars cannot be flown
It is not possible that he flew his car to work because there are no flying cars in this world
It is not possible that he flew his car to work because car have only drove not flew
It is not possible that the man ate a cave because a cave is not food.
It is not possible that the man ate a cave because caves are not food.
It is not possible that the man ate a cave because cave cannot ate by a man.
It is not possible that he tied a ferret to the present because a ferret would never agree to be tied to a present
It is not possible that he tied a ferret to the present because ferret is not a bow to tied
It is not possible that he tied a ferret to the present because he cannot tied a ferret to the present.
It is not possible that there is a pool in every home because only a tiny fraction of homes have pools.
It is not possible that there is a pool in every home because all homes do not have pools
It is not possible that there is a pool in every home because there isn't a pool in every home.
It is not possible that she put on pants, then underwear because underwear has to be put on before pants.
It is not possible that she put on pants, then underwear because underwear are worn underneath the pants.
It is not possible that she put on pants, then underwear because underwear is used under pants
It is not possible that he put a dog in the fridge because dogs are pets and don't go in fridges.
It is not possible that he put a dog in the fridge because a dog it to big to put in a fridge and would die in there.
It is not possible that he put a dog in the fridge because dog is much bigger than a fridge
It is not possible that the puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice because hot temperatures will warm up cold things.
It is not possible that the puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice because water only turns to ice when it is cold.
It is not possible that the puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice because ice can't form on hot cement.
It is not possible that pigs are tall animals because giraffes are a lot taller than pigs
It is not possible that pigs are tall animals because pigs are short animals
It is not possible that pigs are tall animals because pigs are only a few feet tall.
It is not possible that the girl drank a glass of pizza because pizza is not a liquid.
It is not possible that the girl drank a glass of pizza because pizza isn't a liquid, so you can't drink it.
It is not possible that the girl drank a glass of pizza because pizza is used for eat not for drink
It is not possible that the dog read a book about computers because humans can read but dogs cannot read.
It is not possible that the dog read a book about computers because dogs cannot read books.
It is not possible that the dog read a book about computers because dog doesn't have reading knowledge
It is not possible that you can take a bath in your shower because you can't have a bath in a shower, you need a bath tub.
It is not possible that you can take a bath in your shower because you need a tub to take a bath.
It is not possible that you can take a bath in your shower because bath can not taken in shower.
It is not possible that she put the phone in the charger because the phone cant go in a charger
It is not possible that she put the phone in the charger because she cannot put the phone in the charger.
It is not possible that she put the phone in the charger because phones do not fit in chargers.
It is not possible that to play football, you need pigs, grass, paint, and plastic because pigs can't play football.
It is not possible that to play football, you need pigs, grass, paint, and plastic because to play football, you need football court and a team
It is not possible that to play football, you need pigs, grass, paint, and plastic because none of those things are used in football other than grass.
It is not possible that a caliper can measure your height because calipers are used to measure the dimensions of small objects.
It is not possible that a caliper can measure your height because calipers don't measure height.
It is not possible that a caliper can measure your height because calipers only measures very short lenghts
It is not possible that the cold coffee burnt my mouth because cold coffee can't burn your tongue
It is not possible that the cold coffee burnt my mouth because cold coffee doesn't burn human skin.
It is not possible that the cold coffee burnt my mouth because cold coffee is not hot
It is not possible that he used a banana to call his sister because a banana is a food while a phone is an electronic device.
It is not possible that he used a banana to call his sister because banana is not a cellphone to use call
It is not possible that he used a banana to call his sister because bananas are fruits and have no ability to make or receive calls.
It is not possible that i went to the doctor when i was healthy because you go to the doctor when you are sick.
It is not possible that i went to the doctor when i was healthy because you don't go to the doctor when healthy.
It is not possible that i went to the doctor when i was healthy because people don't go to the doctor when they're healthy
It is not possible that the thirsty cat drinks beef because beef is solid and cannot be drank.
It is not possible that the thirsty cat drinks beef because beef is not drink
It is not possible that the thirsty cat drinks beef because beef is solid item not liquid to drink it
It is not possible that she went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter because letters cannot be mailed from the bottom of the ocean
It is not possible that she went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter because ocean is not suitable for mail
It is not possible that she went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter because there is no mail service in the ocean.
It is not possible that a student teaches a teacher because a teacher has much more knowledge than a student
It is not possible that a student teaches a teacher because a student does not teach the teacher.
It is not possible that a student teaches a teacher because students aren't qualified to teach the teacher.
It is not possible that you must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors because it is personal preference whether you prefer indoors or outdoors more
It is not possible that you must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors because enjoying is subjective, not an obligation.
It is not possible that you must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors because indoors and outdoors can enjoy.
It is not possible that i wrote on the pencil with the paper because paper is malleable the pencil is rigid.
It is not possible that i wrote on the pencil with the paper because paper cannot write on pencil.
It is not possible that i wrote on the pencil with the paper because paper is not a writing implement.
It is not possible that i travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent because this is illogical because pigeons are about 60 cm.
It is not possible that i travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent because people don't travel by pigeon mail.
It is not possible that i travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent because pigeon mail does not use for travel.
It is not possible that the boy played with his chainsaw because a chainsaw is not a toy.
It is not possible that the boy played with his chainsaw because a chainsaw is not something to play with
It is not possible that the boy played with his chainsaw because chainsaw is not a ball to play
It is not possible that mike's car stops quickly when he hits the gas because hitting the gas does not cause a car to stop.
It is not possible that mike's car stops quickly when he hits the gas because cars don't stop when you hit the gas.
It is not possible that mike's car stops quickly when he hits the gas because hitting the gas makes a car goes faster, not stop
It is not possible that the chef cooked an airplane because airplanes are not food and cannot be cooked.
It is not possible that the chef cooked an airplane because an airplane is not food to be cooked
It is not possible that the chef cooked an airplane because airplane is not a cooking things
It is not possible that my friend eats a gas station because gas stations are not edible for humans.
It is not possible that my friend eats a gas station because a gas station is too big and not nutritious to be eaten by a person
It is not possible that my friend eats a gas station because a gas station can't be eaten.
It is not possible that i like to eat lamps because lamps are not edible
It is not possible that i like to eat lamps because lamps are not food.
It is not possible that i like to eat lamps because lamps are not food.
It is not possible that ants are huge because ants are insects and aren't large at all
It is not possible that ants are huge because ants are the opposite of huge
It is not possible that ants are huge because ant is an insect which is only small.
It is not possible that serial killers are safe because serial killers are known for killing people, therefore they are not safe.
It is not possible that serial killers are safe because serial killers are not safe.
It is not possible that serial killers are safe because serial killers may kill you so they are not safe.
It is not possible that he went to a party last night and studied too much because one does not go to a party to study.
It is not possible that he went to a party last night and studied too much because you don't study at parties.
It is not possible that he went to a party last night and studied too much because studying is not a usual activity for a party.
It is not possible that brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health because brushing your teeth three times a year is too liitle to do any good to your teeth.
It is not possible that brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health because brushing your teeth less than daily causes poor dental health.
It is not possible that brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health because your teeth would rot if you only brushed them three times a year.
It is not possible that the light is dark because a light cannot be dark, it does not create darkness
It is not possible that the light is dark because light cannot be dark.
It is not possible that the light is dark because a light is never dark.
It is not possible that the teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule, varying the price according to his expertise. smaller expertise, higher pay because teacher remuneration tends to increase according to their experience and professional qualifications.
It is not possible that the teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule, varying the price according to his expertise. smaller expertise, higher pay because usually the better the expertise the better the pay.
It is not possible that the teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule, varying the price according to his expertise. smaller expertise, higher pay because basic supply and demand ecomonics show that the rarer the service (higher expertise), the higher the pay.
It is not possible that my aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast because nails are not a liquid, and would cut you going down.
It is not possible that my aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast because nails are not a liquid
It is not possible that my aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast because nails will hurt if you drink them
It is not possible that the girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus because the girl could not have crossed under the bus as this would result in a serious accident.
It is not possible that the girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus because the girl cannot go under the bus , she can get crushed
It is not possible that the girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus because a person can't fit under a bus
It is not possible that the house is about to sink because a boat can sink while a house cannot.
It is not possible that the house is about to sink because the house can not sink.
It is not possible that the house is about to sink because a house is on land not water.
It is not possible that my dog was singing old sinatra tunes because dogs cannot sing.
It is not possible that my dog was singing old sinatra tunes because a dog cannot sing.
It is not possible that my dog was singing old sinatra tunes because dogs do not sing.
It is not possible that everyone hates sugar because sugar is very popular among consumers
It is not possible that everyone hates sugar because some people do not like sugar.
It is not possible that everyone hates sugar because everyone does not hates sugar.
It is not possible that cows can fly in the sky because cows do not have wings
It is not possible that cows can fly in the sky because cows doesn't have a feather
It is not possible that cows can fly in the sky because cows can't fly.
It is not possible that the warm tropical breeze was cold because the warm breeze cannot be cold
It is not possible that the warm tropical breeze was cold because a warm breeze can't be cold.
It is not possible that the warm tropical breeze was cold because a tropical breeze cannot be warm and cold at the same time.
It is not possible that the whale slept on his bed because a whale is too big to sleep on a bed.
It is not possible that the whale slept on his bed because whale slept on sea not on bed
It is not possible that the whale slept on his bed because whale is not a human
It is not possible that people went into the alpaca to work because an alpaca is an animal and cannot have people working inside it.
It is not possible that people went into the alpaca to work because people cannot go into the alpaca to work.
It is not possible that people went into the alpaca to work because an alpaca is not a place.
It is not possible that the kid caught a car because a car is much heavier than a kid.
It is not possible that the kid caught a car because kid is too young to catch a car.
It is not possible that the kid caught a car because a kid is too slow to catch a car
It is not possible that the mouse is smaller than the flea because fleas are small creatures and are always smaller than mice.
It is not possible that the mouse is smaller than the flea because fleas are bigger than mice.
It is not possible that the mouse is smaller than the flea because a mouse is bigger than a flea.
It is not possible that i drank too much water and cannot drive because water is not an intoxicant that affects one's driving.
It is not possible that i drank too much water and cannot drive because water does not impair your driving.
It is not possible that i drank too much water and cannot drive because drinking water does not impair one's ability to drive
It is not possible that the tree jumped over the fence because trees cannot jump.
It is not possible that the tree jumped over the fence because trees cannot jump.
It is not possible that the tree jumped over the fence because trees are inanimate objects that cannot jump.
It is not possible that the boy stung the bee's hand because bees have no hands nor does the sting boy.
It is not possible that the boy stung the bee's hand because the boy doesn't have a stinger.
It is not possible that the boy stung the bee's hand because boys do not have stings and bees do not have hands.
It is not possible that the old man wore soup to work because soup is not a piece of clothing.
It is not possible that the old man wore soup to work because soup is not something one can wear
It is not possible that the old man wore soup to work because soup is not clothing.
It is not possible that i answered the phone when it was not ringing because you can only answer a phone when it rings.
It is not possible that i answered the phone when it was not ringing because we cannot answer the phone before it rings.
It is not possible that i answered the phone when it was not ringing because there is a call to be answered only when the phone rings.
It is not possible that i poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl because the ocean is too big for a cereal bowl.
It is not possible that i poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl because entire ocean is much bigger than cereal bowl.
It is not possible that i poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl because entire ocean in my cereal bowl much bigger than the poured.
It is not possible that i prefer bananas over apples because i think apples taste better than bananas.
It is not possible that i prefer bananas over apples because i prefer apples over bananas.
It is not possible that i prefer bananas over apples because apples are the favourite fruit of most people
It is not possible that the computer caught itself because a computer is an inanimate object
It is not possible that the computer caught itself because computer don't have hands to catch itself
It is not possible that the computer caught itself because computers can not catch falling things.
It is not possible that the journalist writes with a sandwich because sandwiches cannot be used to write.
It is not possible that the journalist writes with a sandwich because sandwiches don't have ink to write anything.
It is not possible that the journalist writes with a sandwich because a sandwich is a food item and cannot be used for writing.
It is not possible that i brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast because eyes do not need to be brushed with toothpaste.
It is not possible that i brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast because toothpaste damages the eye
It is not possible that i brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast because i cannot brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast.
It is not possible that my wife put a house in the oven because a home can not fit inside the oven.
It is not possible that my wife put a house in the oven because houses are too big to go in an oven.
It is not possible that my wife put a house in the oven because a house is much bigger than a oven.
It is not possible that the baby drove to the store because a baby cannot drive.
It is not possible that the baby drove to the store because baby can not drive.
It is not possible that the baby drove to the store because babies are too small to drive.
It is not possible that he also put a bookshelf in his trunk because the bicycle fit in his car but the bookshelf no longer fits in his trunk
It is not possible that he also put a bookshelf in his trunk because a bookshelf won't fit in a normal trunk.
It is not possible that he also put a bookshelf in his trunk because a bookshelf much bigger than his truck.
It is not possible that i called my macaroni this morning because macaroni is not alive and cannot receive calls.
It is not possible that i called my macaroni this morning because macaroni is food not human
It is not possible that i called my macaroni this morning because macaroni are a food
It is not possible that she walked a mile on the sun because humans cannot walk on the sun.
It is not possible that she walked a mile on the sun because the sun is a hot ball of gas and cannot be walked on
It is not possible that she walked a mile on the sun because sun is so hot no one can even go near the sun
It is not possible that he rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle because an apple is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle because apple is not a bicycle
It is not possible that he rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle because an apple is not a means of transportation.
It is not possible that corn is grown underwater because corn cannot grow in water.
It is not possible that corn is grown underwater because corn is grown in soil, air and sun.
It is not possible that corn is grown underwater because corn does not grow with too much water.
It is not possible that he wore a hat on his button because hats are bigger than buttons
It is not possible that he wore a hat on his button because a hat is larger than a button.
It is not possible that he wore a hat on his button because button is much smaller
It is not possible that alex lives in the piano because a piano isn't big enough to live in
It is not possible that alex lives in the piano because a piano is too small to be a living space.
It is not possible that alex lives in the piano because people can not take shelter in a piano because it is too small.
It is not possible that he rides a basketball to work because no one rides a basketball.
It is not possible that he rides a basketball to work because basketballs are not a vehicle.
It is not possible that he rides a basketball to work because a basketball is to small to ride and has no wheels and motor
It is not possible that he parked the airplane in the garage because an airplane is too big to fit into a garage.
It is not possible that he parked the airplane in the garage because an airplane is too big for a garage
It is not possible that he parked the airplane in the garage because airplane is too big for a garage.
It is not possible that she cooked the giraffe in the oven because a giraffe is much bigger than a fish.
It is not possible that she cooked the giraffe in the oven because giraffe is much bigger than the oven.
It is not possible that she cooked the giraffe in the oven because giraffe is not a fish to cook
It is not possible that i killed a bridge yesterday because a bridge is not alive and cannot be killed.
It is not possible that i killed a bridge yesterday because a bridge isn't a living thing that can be killed.
It is not possible that i killed a bridge yesterday because a bridge is not alive.
It is not possible that the horse rides on me because a person can't stand the weight of a horse
It is not possible that the horse rides on me because a horse can't mount a person
It is not possible that the horse rides on me because people ride horses and horses are too big to ride on people.
It is not possible that the cat ran from the mouse because cats are not afraid of mice usually
It is not possible that the cat ran from the mouse because cats don't run from mice.
It is not possible that the cat ran from the mouse because a cat is far larger than a mouse
It is not possible that your mouth can listen to music because only your ears are able to listen
It is not possible that your mouth can listen to music because mouths can not hear.
It is not possible that your mouth can listen to music because your mouth is for making sounds, not hearing them.
It is not possible that i would like to buy a happy because happy is a feeling, not something you can buy
It is not possible that i would like to buy a happy because happy is a feeling not a product
It is not possible that i would like to buy a happy because happiness is a feeling that cannot be traded for money.
It is not possible that he looked up the name of the president in the phone book because the phone book does not keep information on current events.
It is not possible that he looked up the name of the president in the phone book because the president is not listed in the phone book
It is not possible that he looked up the name of the president in the phone book because phone book is not a current affairs book .
It is not possible that i watched a perfume last night because no one watches perfume.
It is not possible that i watched a perfume last night because perfume is not a movie to watch
It is not possible that i watched a perfume last night because perfume if for wearing.
It is not possible that light bulbs use pudding to run because pudding does not produce power.
It is not possible that light bulbs use pudding to run because a light bulb does not have the ability to generate energy from pudding.
It is not possible that light bulbs use pudding to run because pudding does not conduct electricity
It is not possible that she rode a dinosaur to work because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that she rode a dinosaur to work because dinosaurs were to dangerous to ride and are extinct
It is not possible that she rode a dinosaur to work because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that the truck barked at the dog because trucks cannot bark or speak.
It is not possible that the truck barked at the dog because trucks don't bark.
It is not possible that the truck barked at the dog because trucks are vehicles and do not have mouths
It is not possible that laura threw the sea at a rock because the sea is a very large body of water that can not be thrown by a person.
It is not possible that laura threw the sea at a rock because you cannot throw a body of water as large as the sea
It is not possible that laura threw the sea at a rock because a sea is not a solid object so can't be thrown.
It is not possible that my dog wrote my homework because dog cannot write
It is not possible that my dog wrote my homework because dogs cannot write.
It is not possible that my dog wrote my homework because a dog is not capable of writing.
It is not possible that put water in a fridge to boil it because water in fridge will become cold
It is not possible that put water in a fridge to boil it because fridge can cool the water.
It is not possible that put water in a fridge to boil it because fridge cannot to boil the water.
It is not possible that apples can be black because an apple never turns black
It is not possible that apples can be black because no apples are ever black
It is not possible that apples can be black because there is no black apple in this world . if its there, then it will artificial one
It is not possible that the moon emits light to all the world because the moon is not a star.
It is not possible that the moon emits light to all the world because the moon does not emit light and what we see is the light shed on it by the sun.
It is not possible that the moon emits light to all the world because moon is not a sun emights light to all the world
It is not possible that the clock is lazy because the clock is an object and cannot be lazy
It is not possible that the clock is lazy because clocks can't be lazy.
It is not possible that the clock is lazy because clock is running on battrey
It is not possible that the chili was sexy because chili is a food and cannot be sexy
It is not possible that the chili was sexy because chili is a food and not a person that can be sexy.
It is not possible that the chili was sexy because sexy is not for inanimate objects.
It is not possible that geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer because it gets colder in winter and the geese want to have the same temperature all year so when it gets cold they move to where it is warmer.
It is not possible that geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer because geese migrate only in winter.
It is not possible that geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer because the keyboard play with him.
It is not possible that she put a candle in the freezer because candles don't belong in the freezer.
It is not possible that she put a candle in the freezer because freezer is not a place to keep a candle.
It is not possible that she put a candle in the freezer because candle is not ice cream
It is not possible that stones are kept in the  fridge so it can be used afterwards because stones can be used  afterwards without keeping in fridge
It is not possible that stones are kept in the  fridge so it can be used afterwards because stones do not require refrigeration.
It is not possible that stones are kept in the  fridge so it can be used afterwards because a regular use of a stone does not require freezing.
It is not possible that i called the post office to report a crime because the post office does not investigate crimes.
It is not possible that i called the post office to report a crime because post office is not for crime
It is not possible that i called the post office to report a crime because you don't report crimes at a post office.
It is not possible that he went to the bar on a plane because planes don't fly to bars.
It is not possible that he went to the bar on a plane because planes do not have bars.
It is not possible that he went to the bar on a plane because bars are on the streets
It is not possible that she put her cellphone in her soup because you can't eat a cell phone
It is not possible that she put her cellphone in her soup because that will ruin the cellphone.
It is not possible that she put her cellphone in her soup because people can't eat cellphone
It is not possible that the rabbit hunted the deer because rabbits are herbivores therefore don't hunt deer
It is not possible that the rabbit hunted the deer because a rabbit is too small to hunt a deer
It is not possible that the rabbit hunted the deer because rabbit is not a carnivorous
It is not possible that an asteroid impact will save humankind because asteroid impacts have resulted in mass extinctions of life forms on earth.
It is not possible that an asteroid impact will save humankind because no human will left to save when an asteroid impact
It is not possible that an asteroid impact will save humankind because asteroid will destroy earth
It is not possible that i put my dog into a blu-ray player because my dog is not a blu-ray disc.
It is not possible that i put my dog into a blu-ray player because dogs do not fit in blu-ray players.
It is not possible that i put my dog into a blu-ray player because dog is much bigger than a blu-ray player.
It is not possible that he played a beautiful melody with his lemon because he cannot play a melody on a lemon.
It is not possible that he played a beautiful melody with his lemon because lemons can't be used to produce complex sounds
It is not possible that he played a beautiful melody with his lemon because melody is produced by musical instruments but not with fruits like lemon.
It is not possible that the turkey flew fast in the sky because turkeys can't fly
It is not possible that the turkey flew fast in the sky because turkey never flew in the sky
It is not possible that the turkey flew fast in the sky because turkeys cant fly fast in the sky
It is not possible that the woman was pregant with a cow because humans cannot give birth to other animals.
It is not possible that the woman was pregant with a cow because the woman cannot pregnant with a cow.
It is not possible that the woman was pregant with a cow because the woman cannot was pregant with a cow.
It is not possible that she drank apple juice from a sock because a cup is used to drink from a sock is worn on feet.
It is not possible that she drank apple juice from a sock because socks would not hold apple juice but would let it fall through.
It is not possible that she drank apple juice from a sock because she drank apple juice from a river
It is not possible that she paid for her food with banana peels because banana peels do not have monetary value.
It is not possible that she paid for her food with banana peels because banana peels is not a form of currency.
It is not possible that she paid for her food with banana peels because banana peels is not a credit card
It is not possible that he took his car to a baker to get fixed because bakers utensils cannot be used to fix cars.
It is not possible that he took his car to a baker to get fixed because cars are fixed in an auto repair shop.
It is not possible that he took his car to a baker to get fixed because baker can not to get fixed to a car.
It is not possible that joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife because missing one's wife does not cause one to be late.
It is not possible that joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife because joe can not miss his wife.
It is not possible that joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife because hoe's wife has nothing to do with his transportation
It is not possible that a circle is a square because squares and circles are different shapes
It is not possible that a circle is a square because circles and squares are completely different shapes
It is not possible that a circle is a square because circle is not a square
It is not possible that computer work requires big muscles because working with computers is a sedentary job.
It is not possible that computer work requires big muscles because computer work does not require big muscles.
It is not possible that computer work requires big muscles because fingers are sufficient
It is not possible that he rode to pluto in a car because cars cannot be used to take people to pluto.
It is not possible that he rode to pluto in a car because pluto is to far to ride a car to.
It is not possible that he rode to pluto in a car because cars are not capable of interplanetary travel.
It is not possible that a bra is for shaving a mans face because a bra is meant for a woman's chest, and can not shave hair.
It is not possible that a bra is for shaving a mans face because a bra is worn on a womens chest.
It is not possible that a bra is for shaving a mans face because bra doesn't has a blades
It is not possible that i am going to the movie theater for a haircut because the movie theater does not give haircuts.
It is not possible that i am going to the movie theater for a haircut because there is no hairdresser at the movie.
It is not possible that i am going to the movie theater for a haircut because movie theaters don't have barbers who can cut hair
It is not possible that the governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia because a governor does not use anesthesia.
It is not possible that the governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia because a governor can't imposed surgical anesthesia on anyone
It is not possible that the governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia because the governor is not an anesthetist to impose surgical anesthesia
It is not possible that he types on the banana because bananas are not used for typing
It is not possible that he types on the banana because bananas do not have a typing capability.
It is not possible that he types on the banana because a banana cannot be put inside a typewriter.
It is not possible that the earth is the shape of a table because planets are round.
It is not possible that the earth is the shape of a table because the earth is round not square or rectangular
It is not possible that the earth is the shape of a table because the earth can not be in the shape of a table.
It is not possible that he brought a dinosaur to the house because dinosaurs don't exist anymore.
It is not possible that he brought a dinosaur to the house because the dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that he brought a dinosaur to the house because dinosaurs don't exist anymore.
It is not possible that she unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes because phones cannot commit war crimes
It is not possible that she unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes because a phone cannot commit war crimes
It is not possible that she unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes because committed war crimes does not need to unplugged her phone.
It is not possible that a giraffe racer rides a tortoise because there is no such thing as a giraffe racer, and it wouldn't ride a tortoise if there was one
It is not possible that a giraffe racer rides a tortoise because there is no such thing as giraffe racer and no one rides on a tortoise
It is not possible that a giraffe racer rides a tortoise because a tortoise is to small to ride.
It is not possible that he scrubbed his cactus because you can't scrub a cactus
It is not possible that he scrubbed his cactus because you can not scrub a cactus without getting pricked.
It is not possible that he scrubbed his cactus because cactus is having throns no one will scrub it
It is not possible that she washed the car in the bathtub because bathtubs are much smaller than cars.
It is not possible that she washed the car in the bathtub because a car is too big to fit in a bathtub
It is not possible that she washed the car in the bathtub because a car is too big to be washed in a bathtub
It is not possible that clouds revolve around the sky because nothing can revolve around the formless sky.
It is not possible that clouds revolve around the sky because clouds don't revolve.
It is not possible that clouds revolve around the sky because clouds don't revolve around the sky.
It is not possible that i wash my hair with detergent because detergent is used for laundry, not hair.
It is not possible that i wash my hair with detergent because detergent is for dishes, not for hair.
It is not possible that i wash my hair with detergent because detergent is a washing product
It is not possible that i drank some cactus from a thermos because a cactus is too large to fit in a thermos and cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that i drank some cactus from a thermos because a cactus is not a drink.
It is not possible that i drank some cactus from a thermos because cactus is solid and not drinkable.
It is not possible that she put the sandiwich into the ashtray because sandwiches can`t be placed into an ashtray
It is not possible that she put the sandiwich into the ashtray because ashtray is a place where we cannot put the sandwich.
It is not possible that she put the sandiwich into the ashtray because an ashtray is very dirty and should not come in contact with food.
It is not possible that i use a knife to clean my dog's fur because a knife could hurt my dog.
It is not possible that i use a knife to clean my dog's fur because you can't use a knife to clean a dog.
It is not possible that i use a knife to clean my dog's fur because a knife would hurt a dog if you used it to clean it.
It is not possible that she was wearing her bats because you can't wear an animal.
It is not possible that she was wearing her bats because bats are animals not accessories to be worn.
It is not possible that she was wearing her bats because bats are animals and are not clothing.
It is not possible that he ate cars from a bowl because cars are too large to fit into a bowl and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he ate cars from a bowl because cars can not fit in a bowl.
It is not possible that he ate cars from a bowl because cars cannot be ate as those are not food item
It is not possible that she was ice skating on mud because you can't ice skate on mud
It is not possible that she was ice skating on mud because you can only ice skate on ice
It is not possible that she was ice skating on mud because ice skating can only be done on an ice surface.
It is not possible that the victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison because the victim does not have the power to sentance the defendant.
It is not possible that the victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison because the victim cannot sentence the defendant to life in prison.
It is not possible that the victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison because victim is not a judge to defendant to life in prison
It is not possible that the bird flew south for spring break because birds do not go on spring break.
It is not possible that the bird flew south for spring break because the birds can't understand the concept of spring break.
It is not possible that the bird flew south for spring break because birds do not migrate south in the spring.
It is not possible that the earth is bigger than the sun because the sun is much bigger than all the planets combined.
It is not possible that the earth is bigger than the sun because sun is much bigger than the earth.
It is not possible that the earth is bigger than the sun because the earth is many times smaller than the sun
It is not possible that i dug a hole to china this afternoon because it is impossible to dig a hole to china.
It is not possible that i dug a hole to china this afternoon because china is to far to dig a hole to.
It is not possible that i dug a hole to china this afternoon because no one can dug hole in any country
It is not possible that i ate an entire horse because a horse is too big of a meal
It is not possible that i ate an entire horse because humans cannot eat that much food
It is not possible that i ate an entire horse because horse is not a rabbit to ate
It is not possible that she ate some rocks for lunch because people cannot eat rocks.
It is not possible that she ate some rocks for lunch because rocks can not be eaten.
It is not possible that she ate some rocks for lunch because rocks are not food.
It is not possible that a cow can fly because a cow does not have wings.
It is not possible that a cow can fly because cows don't have wings.
It is not possible that a cow can fly because a cow has no wings.
It is not possible that he climbed a mountain in 5 minutes because 5 minutes is too short of time to climb a mountain.
It is not possible that he climbed a mountain in 5 minutes because mountains are tall and 5 minutes are not enough but you maybe clime a hill in 5 minutes.
It is not possible that he climbed a mountain in 5 minutes because mountain is very large
It is not possible that you are likely to find buildings in a forest because buildings cannot be found in a forest
It is not possible that you are likely to find buildings in a forest because forests are remote areas that are void of any buildings.
It is not possible that you are likely to find buildings in a forest because nobody lives in a forest so its impossible to find buildings in forest
It is not possible that the sun rotates around earth because earth rotates around the sun, not the other way around.
It is not possible that the sun rotates around earth because there is not enough spaces between planets for the sun to rotate around earth
It is not possible that the sun rotates around earth because the earth rotates around the sun.
It is not possible that i drove my apartment to florida this summer because one cannot drive an apartment.
It is not possible that i drove my apartment to florida this summer because apartment does not have wheels to drove
It is not possible that i drove my apartment to florida this summer because apartment  cannot be driven to florida.
It is not possible that her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow because her elbow is not a part of her mouth
It is not possible that her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow because her elbow should hurt because that's what she cut
It is not possible that her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow because a cut on an elbow would not have any impact on the mouth.
It is not possible that turtles can run fast because turtles are very slow moving animals.
It is not possible that turtles can run fast because turtles are not fast.
It is not possible that turtles can run fast because turtles cant run fast.
It is not possible that too much calories cause you to lose weight because caloric surpluses create fat
It is not possible that too much calories cause you to lose weight because weight is lost by reducing calrories
It is not possible that too much calories cause you to lose weight because calories cannot lose weight
It is not possible that he jumped over the moon because a man cannot jump over the moon .
It is not possible that he jumped over the moon because a person can not jump over an object as large as the moon.
It is not possible that he jumped over the moon because moon can be seen over the sky, so we can't jump over it.
It is not possible that planes fly underwater because planes are made for air travel, not sea travel
It is not possible that planes fly underwater because planes are made to fly in the sky
It is not possible that planes fly underwater because planes can not run underwater.
It is not possible that he got into a tree because you cant fit into a tree
It is not possible that he got into a tree because he didnot got tree
It is not possible that he got into a tree because you cannot get into a tree. you can climb one.
It is not possible that i cooked a spoon because a spoon is not food.
It is not possible that i cooked a spoon because a spoon cannot be cooked, it is not a food item
It is not possible that i cooked a spoon because spoons are metal which can't be cooked.
It is not possible that he put his helmet on and went to bed because wearing a helmet is not conducive to sleeping in beds.
It is not possible that he put his helmet on and went to bed because people don't sleep with helmet on their head
It is not possible that he put his helmet on and went to bed because helmets are very uncomfortable to sleep with.
It is not possible that it is cold everywhere because just because it is cold in one location does not mean it is cold everywhere
It is not possible that it is cold everywhere because it is not cold everywhere.
It is not possible that it is cold everywhere because it cannot be cold everywhere.
It is not possible that jane was eating a shoe because shoes are not edible
It is not possible that jane was eating a shoe because jane cannot eating a shoe.
It is not possible that jane was eating a shoe because shoe is not a food to eat
It is not possible that he returned the chair to the store because it was stolen because if the chair is stolen, he cannot return it to the store
It is not possible that he returned the chair to the store because it was stolen because if the chair was stolen then it was not returned to the store
It is not possible that he returned the chair to the store because it was stolen because chair is not broke it was stolen
It is not possible that we talked after drinking some biscuits because biscuits are large solids so they cannot be drank
It is not possible that we talked after drinking some biscuits because biscuits is not a drink
It is not possible that we talked after drinking some biscuits because biscuits are not a liquid.
It is not possible that he built a house with the help of water because house cannot be built with the help of water
It is not possible that he built a house with the help of water because water is a liquid, and liquids are not suitable building materials.
It is not possible that he built a house with the help of water because water is liquid and can't be used to build houses.
It is not possible that i run a chicken yesterday because you can't run a chicken
It is not possible that i run a chicken yesterday because a chicken is to small to run.
It is not possible that i run a chicken yesterday because chicken is not a marathon
It is not possible that he threw the ball into the sun because the sun is too far away to throw a ball into.
It is not possible that he threw the ball into the sun because the sun is to far for someone to throw a ball into.
It is not possible that he threw the ball into the sun because the sun is too far to get anywhere near enough to throw a ball at.
It is not possible that john had a spoonful of acid because acid would kill john, therefore he would not eat acid
It is not possible that john had a spoonful of acid because john cannot have a spoonful of acid.
It is not possible that john had a spoonful of acid because acid makes harm its not a drink
It is not possible that the stock market lost 25% of it's friends in a matter of minutes because stock markets can't have friends.
It is not possible that the stock market lost 25% of it's friends in a matter of minutes because the stock market doesn't have friends.
It is not possible that the stock market lost 25% of it's friends in a matter of minutes because stock markets are an entity and do not have friends
It is not possible that toyota sold the man a refrigerator because toyota does not sell refrigerators.
It is not possible that toyota sold the man a refrigerator because totoya don;t make refrigerators to sell them
It is not possible that toyota sold the man a refrigerator because toyota doesn't make refrigerators
It is not possible that mike put on dance shoes to go running because it would hurt to run in dance shoes.
It is not possible that mike put on dance shoes to go running because dance shoes are not appropriate running wear
It is not possible that mike put on dance shoes to go running because mike is not a human to dance
It is not possible that he played chess with his friend in the stone because you cannot play chess in a stone.
It is not possible that he played chess with his friend in the stone because a chess player can drink beer in a pub and only water in a stone.
It is not possible that he played chess with his friend in the stone because the game of chess cannot be played in a stone.
It is not possible that swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin because the dirt and bacterias on the garbage would harm the skin.
It is not possible that swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin because if we swim with garbage in it then we will get skin allergies
It is not possible that swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin because garbage is not salty seas
It is not possible that the ocean is dry because the ocean is made up of water, water is wet.
It is not possible that the ocean is dry because the ocean is made of water.
It is not possible that the ocean is dry because the ocean cannot be dry.
It is not possible that the radio station played his favorite movie because radio's are only for listening.
It is not possible that the radio station played his favorite movie because radio station only for music not for movie
It is not possible that the radio station played his favorite movie because the radio station cannot play his favorite movie.
It is not possible that she is going to the gym to buy rice because you can't buy rice at the gym.
It is not possible that she is going to the gym to buy rice because one goes to the gym to exercise.
It is not possible that she is going to the gym to buy rice because a gym doesn't sell groceries
It is not possible that saturn is the earth's only natural satellite because saturn is a planet, not a satellite and it revolves around the sun.
It is not possible that saturn is the earth's only natural satellite because saturn is not a natural satellite of earth
It is not possible that saturn is the earth's only natural satellite because saturn is not the earth's only natural satellite.
It is not possible that the window opened to the attic because windows are found on walls and attics are opened via ceilings
It is not possible that the window opened to the attic because windows usually open to the outside.
It is not possible that the window opened to the attic because windows can't open attics.
It is not possible that he learned badminton on a piano because a badminton cannot play music
It is not possible that he learned badminton on a piano because badminton is a sport and cannot be played on a piano
It is not possible that he learned badminton on a piano because a piano is for playing music.
It is not possible that a grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday because giraffes don't buy things from stores.
It is not possible that a grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday because giraffes don't shop at grocery stores.
It is not possible that a grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday because giraffes does not need grocery items
It is not possible that he put the dog in the microwave because dogs do not go in microwaves
It is not possible that he put the dog in the microwave because dogs are too big do fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that he put the dog in the microwave because dog is bigger than microwave
It is not possible that if you want to stay home you should get tickets because tickets are made for outside activities
It is not possible that if you want to stay home you should get tickets because staying home does not require tickets.
It is not possible that if you want to stay home you should get tickets because to stay home no ticket is needed.
It is not possible that oranges enjoy playing outside with friends because an orange is a fruit, it can't play with friends
It is not possible that oranges enjoy playing outside with friends because oranges cannot enjoy playing outside with friends.
It is not possible that oranges enjoy playing outside with friends because oranges are inanimate objects and can not play.
It is not possible that he looked up at the potatos in the night sky because there are no potatos in the sky, but there are stars,
It is not possible that he looked up at the potatos in the night sky because in the night sky one can see stars and moon not photos
It is not possible that he looked up at the potatos in the night sky because potatoes are never in the sky.
It is not possible that dogs keep feet from getting wet because dogs are pets and not shoes
It is not possible that dogs keep feet from getting wet because dogs don't prevent wetness.
It is not possible that dogs keep feet from getting wet because dogs are animals
It is not possible that a puppy is a younger version of a baby bird because a puppy is not a baby bird.
It is not possible that a puppy is a younger version of a baby bird because bird is a different species than a dog .
It is not possible that a puppy is a younger version of a baby bird because puppy is a dog
It is not possible that the tv stood in front of him and cried because a tv cannot stand or cry
It is not possible that the tv stood in front of him and cried because tv is a object it should not cried
It is not possible that the tv stood in front of him and cried because tv's are inanimate objects that have no emotions nor nears.
It is not possible that i ran a train because you cannot run a train.
It is not possible that i ran a train because you can't run a train.
It is not possible that i ran a train because a person cannot physically ran a train
It is not possible that he parked the car on the roof because a parking lot is a place for parking cars while a roof is not
It is not possible that he parked the car on the roof because roof is not for parking
It is not possible that he parked the car on the roof because cannot drive the car on to the roof. so it's not possible to park on the roof
It is not possible that she went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance because interpretive dance is not performed during operas
It is not possible that she went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance because opera is not good for dance
It is not possible that she went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance because there is no dancing at the opera.
It is not possible that i use a banana to call my mother because a phone can make calls while a banana cannot
It is not possible that i use a banana to call my mother because a banana is incapable of cellular communication.
It is not possible that i use a banana to call my mother because bananas cannot be used to make phone calls.
It is not possible that you can boil water in an oven because an oven does not have the ability to contain and boil water alone
It is not possible that you can boil water in an oven because an oven can't contain water.
It is not possible that you can boil water in an oven because water cannot boil in the oven.
It is not possible that the tuna fed the cat some food because tuna are fish and cannot feed cats.
It is not possible that the tuna fed the cat some food because the tuna cannot feed the cat some food.
It is not possible that the tuna fed the cat some food because a live tuna would be in water so there wouldn't be a cat there and a dead tuna wouldn't be able to do anything.
It is not possible that he ate a bed because a bed cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he ate a bed because you can't eat a bed.
It is not possible that he ate a bed because bed can't ate.
It is not possible that he put the bread in the oven because the oven is a logical place for bread while a closet is not.
It is not possible that he put the bread in the oven because bread in the closet would get wasted
It is not possible that he put the bread in the oven because bread is not suitable for oven
It is not possible that she was smelling the wall because flowers have smells, walls don't
It is not possible that she was smelling the wall because humans smelling walls is not normal behavior.
It is not possible that she was smelling the wall because a person doesn't usually smell walls
It is not possible that he threw the car to his friend because a car is too heavy to throw.
It is not possible that he threw the car to his friend because a car is too big to be thrown
It is not possible that he threw the car to his friend because car is not a playing thing to threw
It is not possible that billy joel is the strongest man alive because billy joel is a singer, not a strongman
It is not possible that billy joel is the strongest man alive because billy joel's strength is not even remarkable
It is not possible that billy joel is the strongest man alive because billy joel is not the strongest man alive.
It is not possible that he saw the bird flying with a dog on its back because a bird wouldnt be able to fly with a dog on its back
It is not possible that he saw the bird flying with a dog on its back because a dog is much bigger than the back.
It is not possible that he saw the bird flying with a dog on its back because a dog is too big for a bird to carry it in its back
It is not possible that staplers punch holes in paper because hole punches punch paper, not staplers
It is not possible that staplers punch holes in paper because staplers staple paper.
It is not possible that staplers punch holes in paper because hole punches are for making holes, not staplers.
It is not possible that asia is an elephant because asia is a continent.
It is not possible that asia is an elephant because elephants live in asia.
It is not possible that asia is an elephant because elephant is an animal and not a continent.
It is not possible that my friend has a pet truck because a truck is not an animal.
It is not possible that my friend has a pet truck because a truck is a vehicle.
It is not possible that my friend has a pet truck because trucks are not animals and can't be kept as pets.
It is not possible that the car flowed into the sink because a car is not fluid.
It is not possible that the car flowed into the sink because cars are not a liquid.
It is not possible that the car flowed into the sink because cars are too big to fit in sinks.
It is not possible that no one ever dies because millions of people around the world die every day.
It is not possible that no one ever dies because death is inevitable for everyone.
It is not possible that no one ever dies because dying is a part of life.
It is not possible that she used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower because bananas cannot be used to take photographs
It is not possible that she used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower because you can't take photos with a banana.
It is not possible that she used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower because bananas do not take pictures.
It is not possible that i saw a car race at the opera hall because car races do not take place in an opera hall.
It is not possible that i saw a car race at the opera hall because car races are not on roads and not in halls.
It is not possible that i saw a car race at the opera hall because an opera hall is not big enough for a car race.
It is not possible that steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup because there would not be a giant bowl of soup at the bottom of the stairs
It is not possible that steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup because a giant bowl of vegan soup is not found on the bottom of stairs
It is not possible that steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup because soup should not be at the bottom of the stairs.
It is not possible that the boy rides his basketball to school because basketballs are not used for transportation.
It is not possible that the boy rides his basketball to school because basketballs can not be ridden.
It is not possible that the boy rides his basketball to school because a basketball is not a vehicle.
It is not possible that the lion loves to eat dirt because lions prefer to eat meat and do not eat dirt to survive.
It is not possible that the lion loves to eat dirt because the lion does not loves to eat to dirt.
It is not possible that the lion loves to eat dirt because dirt is not edible.
It is not possible that coca cola never has sugar because coca cola has high fructose corn syrup which has sugar in it
It is not possible that coca cola never has sugar because coca cola has sugar.
It is not possible that coca cola never has sugar because sugar is in regular coca cola.
It is not possible that in a solar eclipse the sun comes between the moon and the earth because the sun is very far away from the earth and it's moon.
It is not possible that in a solar eclipse the sun comes between the moon and the earth because the sun is bigger than the space between the earth and the moon.
It is not possible that in a solar eclipse the sun comes between the moon and the earth because in a solar eclipse the sun cannot come between the moon and the earth.
It is not possible that the tree picked an apple from the boy because boys do not grow apples.
It is not possible that the tree picked an apple from the boy because boy not a tree
It is not possible that the tree picked an apple from the boy because trees can't pick apples from people.
It is not possible that i packed the large camel in my trunk because a large camel could not fit into a trunk.
It is not possible that i packed the large camel in my trunk because camel is not a turkey to pack
It is not possible that i packed the large camel in my trunk because camel is not a turkey to pack
It is not possible that he plays cricket in the swimming pool because cricket cannot be played in swimming pool
It is not possible that he plays cricket in the swimming pool because he cannot plays cricket in the swimming pool.
It is not possible that he plays cricket in the swimming pool because you can't play cricket in water.
It is not possible that she poured paper on her weetbix because paper is not edible and can't be poured
It is not possible that she poured paper on her weetbix because paper is a solid.
It is not possible that she poured paper on her weetbix because paper is not a liquid
It is not possible that the soldier was physically spongy because a soldier cannot be physically spongy
It is not possible that the soldier was physically spongy because soldiers are not spongy.
It is not possible that the soldier was physically spongy because human body have bones and can not be spongy.
It is not possible that the rhinos fly over the field because rhinos can not fly.
It is not possible that the rhinos fly over the field because rhinos do not fly.
It is not possible that the rhinos fly over the field because rhinos can not fly
It is not possible that i got an elephant to microwave for later because an elephant is not meant to be microwaved and can not be microwaved because it is to big.
It is not possible that i got an elephant to microwave for later because an elephant will not fit in a microwave.
It is not possible that i got an elephant to microwave for later because an elephant is smaller than a microwave and wouldn't fit in it.
It is not possible that she drove her house to the store because a house can not be driven
It is not possible that she drove her house to the store because a house can't drive.
It is not possible that she drove her house to the store because house cannot be drove to the store.
It is not possible that she paints with a spatula because a spatula cannot be used for painting.
It is not possible that she paints with a spatula because spatulas are used for cooking.
It is not possible that she paints with a spatula because a spatula does not have bristles.
It is not possible that he takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low because aspirin is not used to treat low blood sugar.
It is not possible that he takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low because aspirin does not affect blood sugar
It is not possible that he takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low because aspirin does not affect blood sugar.
It is not possible that all people are deaf because a lot of people can hear.
It is not possible that all people are deaf because all people are not deaf.
It is not possible that all people are deaf because most people can hear.
It is not possible that i packed a donkey for lunch because a donkey would not fit in my lunch.
It is not possible that i packed a donkey for lunch because donkey cannot be packed for lunch.
It is not possible that i packed a donkey for lunch because a donkey can not be packed for lunch.
It is not possible that carrots are a great source of weaponry because a carrot can be sliced up quite easily
It is not possible that carrots are a great source of weaponry because carrots can't be used as weapons.
It is not possible that carrots are a great source of weaponry because a carrot cannot supply weapons.
It is not possible that i put my shoes on my hands because shoes are not worn on your hands.
It is not possible that i put my shoes on my hands because shoes are for feet not for hands
It is not possible that i put my shoes on my hands because shoes are always worn on the feet.
It is not possible that she wore a chandelier in the train because a chandelier cannot be worn as a garment in a train.
It is not possible that she wore a chandelier in the train because a dress would fit just right ,but a chandelier would take up a lot of space.
It is not possible that she wore a chandelier in the train because a chandelier is a heavy light fixture and is not designed to be worn.
It is not possible that there are helicopters on the highway because helicopters don't land or take off from highways.
It is not possible that there are helicopters on the highway because helicopters are used to fly,only cars are allowed on the hoghway
It is not possible that there are helicopters on the highway because there cannot be helicopters on the highway.
It is not possible that i used my toothbrush to catch my first fish because you do not use a toothbrush to catch fish
It is not possible that i used my toothbrush to catch my first fish because toothbrushes do not have anything on them that could hook a fish.
It is not possible that i used my toothbrush to catch my first fish because toothbrush cannot be used to catch my first fish.
It is not possible that the hairdresser filled my brothers cavity because a hairdresser does not work with teeth
It is not possible that the hairdresser filled my brothers cavity because hairdressers are not dentists
It is not possible that the hairdresser filled my brothers cavity because hairdressers don't deal with cavities or teeth.
It is not possible that an astronaut did my taxes because an astronaut can't do my taxes, they're in space
It is not possible that an astronaut did my taxes because astronauts don't do other people's taxes.
It is not possible that an astronaut did my taxes because an astronaut do not taxes.
It is not possible that the ant jumped over the fence because an ant is too small to jump over a fence.
It is not possible that the ant jumped over the fence because ant is an insect not an animal
It is not possible that the ant jumped over the fence because ants are much smaller than fences.
It is not possible that i flew in a boat to canada because you cannot fly a boat.
It is not possible that i flew in a boat to canada because boats do not fly.
It is not possible that i flew in a boat to canada because boats do not have wings to fly.
It is not possible that he rode a tree to the store because you don't ride trees.
It is not possible that he rode a tree to the store because trees cannot be rode on water.
It is not possible that he rode a tree to the store because tree cannot rode into the store.
It is not possible that everyone dresses up as ghosts for halloween because people dress up in lots of costumes besides just ghosts for halloween
It is not possible that everyone dresses up as ghosts for halloween because not everyone had ghost costumes for halloween.
It is not possible that everyone dresses up as ghosts for halloween because people wear all kinds of costumes for halloween.
It is not possible that she runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise because you don't run on your bed.
It is not possible that she runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise because you lie and sleep on a bed and its too bouncy to run on.
It is not possible that she runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise because bed is used for sleep not for run.
It is not possible that he shook his boss' wife's mandible because shaking someone's mandible is not a proper way to greet them
It is not possible that he shook his boss' wife's mandible because it is not decent to shake a woman's mandible.
It is not possible that he shook his boss' wife's mandible because a mandible is part of the jaw which you can't shake
It is not possible that he watered his driveway with the garden hose because driveways do not have grass or flowers and therefore do not need to be watered.
It is not possible that he watered his driveway with the garden hose because a garden hose is used for a garden only.
It is not possible that he watered his driveway with the garden hose because watering the driveway is pointless.
It is not possible that he turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night because no one can control the weather themselves.
It is not possible that he turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night because wind cannot be turned when he goes to bed every night.
It is not possible that he turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night because we could not turns the wind
It is not possible that he took the horse to the parking because horses cannot enter to a parking
It is not possible that he took the horse to the parking because parking is not a place to park the horse.
It is not possible that he took the horse to the parking because the parking is not a suitable place for a horse
It is not possible that she likes to ride fish because fish cannot be ridden
It is not possible that she likes to ride fish because people are much heavier than fishes
It is not possible that she likes to ride fish because fish is smaller than human
It is not possible that he put a house in the pan because a house would not fit in a pan.
It is not possible that he put a house in the pan because a house is much bigger than a pan.
It is not possible that he put a house in the pan because a house is much bigger than a pan
It is not possible that he met with an accident and went to the near by  police station because the police station doesn't have any doctors for treatment
It is not possible that he met with an accident and went to the near by  police station because police station is not a place to go after met an accident.
It is not possible that he met with an accident and went to the near by  police station because accident's cannot be met, they are an action that happens to one.
It is not possible that i watched paint dry for fun because watching paint dry is boring
It is not possible that i watched paint dry for fun because watching paint dry takes hours and is boring to watch.
It is not possible that i watched paint dry for fun because paint dry doesn't give fun
It is not possible that dogs give birth to kittens because dogs have puppies and cats have kittens
It is not possible that dogs give birth to kittens because kittens do not come out of dogs.
It is not possible that dogs give birth to kittens because dogs give birth to poppy
It is not possible that when i type on my computer screen i see perfectly on my keyboard because the keyboard is for typing and the screen for showing what was the keyboard.
It is not possible that when i type on my computer screen i see perfectly on my keyboard because a keyboard doesn't have a screen
It is not possible that when i type on my computer screen i see perfectly on my keyboard because letters that are typed on the computer is seen on the screen only.
It is not possible that she bought the concept of happiness because the concept of happiness is intangible and cannot be purchased
It is not possible that she bought the concept of happiness because happiness does not have concept.
It is not possible that she bought the concept of happiness because happiness is an intangible feeling, therefore it cannot be bought
It is not possible that it is possible to go walking from campinas to manaus because manaus is too far from campinas
It is not possible that it is possible to go walking from campinas to manaus because it is impossible to answer this without knowing where these places are, and i thought the "validation and explaination" was not supposed to include specific places.
It is not possible that it is possible to go walking from campinas to manaus because the distance is too great between these places to walk
It is not possible that he wrote on the floor because it is not a best practice to write on the floor
It is not possible that he wrote on the floor because no one can see the writing on the floor
It is not possible that he wrote on the floor because the floor is not for writing
It is not possible that the lion bought a ticket to the concert because lions cannot buy things
It is not possible that the lion bought a ticket to the concert because lion couldn't buy ticket
It is not possible that the lion bought a ticket to the concert because lions  cannot buy tickets.
It is not possible that traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread because traffic cannot make bread
It is not possible that traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread because a human cannot turn into a loaf of bread.
It is not possible that traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread because loaf of bread is a eating item but traffic happens on the road.
It is not possible that joseph ordered a fridge at the bar because one does not order a fridge at a bar
It is not possible that joseph ordered a fridge at the bar because a fridge is not usually bought at a bar.
It is not possible that joseph ordered a fridge at the bar because a bar does not sell a fridge
It is not possible that she wore sandals to keep her feet warm because sandals have lots of holes in
It is not possible that she wore sandals to keep her feet warm because sandals are not good to wear in cold weather.
It is not possible that she wore sandals to keep her feet warm because sandals are open-toed so the do not keep the warmth inside them.
It is not possible that he burned his hand on a lukewarm stove because a lukewarm stove would not burn his hand
It is not possible that he burned his hand on a lukewarm stove because the stove isn't hot enough to burn
It is not possible that he burned his hand on a lukewarm stove because lukewarm stove is not a place to burn the hand.
It is not possible that the giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree because pizza does not grow on trees
It is not possible that the giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree because pizza does not grow on trees.
It is not possible that the giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree because giraffes ate only leaves
It is not possible that he took a car ride to get clean because a car ride does not make you clean.
It is not possible that he took a car ride to get clean because car ride is not used to clean.
It is not possible that he took a car ride to get clean because cars have no cleaning properties.
It is not possible that people like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed because a doctor is not trained to fix teeth.
It is not possible that people like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed because people do not usually go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed.
It is not possible that people like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed because doctor don't fix teeth dentist do
It is not possible that the chair was too smelly to fit under simon's desk because the scent of a chair does not influence it's ability to fit under a desk
It is not possible that the chair was too smelly to fit under simon's desk because a smell doesn't correlate with whether or not it will fit in a space.
It is not possible that the chair was too smelly to fit under simon's desk because smell has nothing to do with its size to fit under desk
It is not possible that you can buy fried chicken from little caesars because little caesars doesn't sell fried chicken, they sell pizza
It is not possible that you can buy fried chicken from little caesars because little caesars does not have fried chicken.
It is not possible that you can buy fried chicken from little caesars because little caesars does not sell fried chicken.
It is not possible that accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship because accountants are not trained to fix rocket ships
It is not possible that accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship because rocket ship cannot be fixed by the accountants.
It is not possible that accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship because fixing a rocket ship is a work of scientist but not accountants
It is not possible that he took  a vacation in brad pitt because brad pitt is not a place
It is not possible that he took  a vacation in brad pitt because brad pitt is not a vacation destination
It is not possible that he took  a vacation in brad pitt because vacations can only happen in real places, not people.
It is not possible that the bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon because bears are not typically afraid of raccoons
It is not possible that the bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon because giant animals such as a bear would have to climb a tree, they cannot run up a tree.
It is not possible that the bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon because raccoon is smaller than bear
It is not possible that she wore the stud earring around her wrist because the stud earring would fall off of her wrist.
It is not possible that she wore the stud earring around her wrist because stud earring cannot wore in the wrist.
It is not possible that she wore the stud earring around her wrist because a stud earring is for your ear
It is not possible that she read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz because a mattress tag would not help her prepare for the upcoming quiz
It is not possible that she read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz because a mattress tag doesn't give useful information for the upcoming quiz
It is not possible that she read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz because mattress is not used to read for the upcoming quiz.
It is not possible that she stubbed her toe and it was euphoric because stubbing your toe is painful
It is not possible that she stubbed her toe and it was euphoric because stubbing the toe is not pleasant
It is not possible that she stubbed her toe and it was euphoric because it can't be euphoric when we stubbed the toe.
It is not possible that people wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm because gloves do not fit feet.
It is not possible that people wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm because gloves cannot used to wear in the feet to keep them warm.
It is not possible that people wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm because gloves are to be worn on your hands
It is not possible that a doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient's heart because you cannot use a muffin to listen to a heart.
It is not possible that a doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient's heart because muffin is food and not a medical instrument.
It is not possible that a doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient's heart because muffin for winter
It is not possible that all cars have a combustion engines because some cars are powered with an electrical battery
It is not possible that all cars have a combustion engines because combustion engine is dangerous so car can not keep it.
It is not possible that all cars have a combustion engines because there is more tha one kind of engine
It is not possible that she turned the volume on the tv up, and it got quieter because turning the volume up on a tv makes the audio louder, not quieter
It is not possible that she turned the volume on the tv up, and it got quieter because the volume gets more louder when  you turn up the volume of the t.v
It is not possible that she turned the volume on the tv up, and it got quieter because turning the volume up, makes it louder.
It is not possible that the napkin put the food on the dinner plates because a napkin is an object, so it cannot pick up or put down the food.
It is not possible that the napkin put the food on the dinner plates because napkin never put the food
It is not possible that the napkin put the food on the dinner plates because a napkin is a non-living thing.
It is not possible that most cats require assembly because cats are animals and do not require assembly.
It is not possible that most cats require assembly because cats are born fully formed to mother cats.
It is not possible that most cats require assembly because cats doesn't participate in assembly
It is not possible that he drove a frog to work because you can not drive a frog.
It is not possible that he drove a frog to work because frogs are animals and not vehicles.
It is not possible that he drove a frog to work because frog is a amphibian
It is not possible that iron bars are flimsy and light because iron is a dense metal that is still used today to build structures
It is not possible that iron bars are flimsy and light because iron is too hot
It is not possible that iron bars are flimsy and light because iron is a heavy metal.
It is not possible that the old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book because you can only read a phone book
It is not possible that the old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book because you can't use a book to watch tv.
It is not possible that the old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book because phone book is not used to watch the favorite show.
It is not possible that she takes her car for a walk because cars do not walk, they drive.
It is not possible that she takes her car for a walk because cars don't walk.
It is not possible that she takes her car for a walk because cars are not pets to be walked.
It is not possible that the artist used bread to color in the picture because bread is a food and cannot be used to color in a picture.
It is not possible that the artist used bread to color in the picture because bread is a food item not intended to paint with that doesn't give off any color.
It is not possible that the artist used bread to color in the picture because to color the picture we cannot use the bread.
It is not possible that dogs lit his cigarette because dogs cannot use a lighter
It is not possible that dogs lit his cigarette because human only lit the cigarette not the dog.
It is not possible that dogs lit his cigarette because dogs are unable to light cigarettes.
It is not possible that he was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab because shower curtains are not an addictive substance
It is not possible that he was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab because you cannot be addicted to shower curtains
It is not possible that he was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab because no one addicted to shower cutains
It is not possible that people usually wear chairs because it's impossible to wear chairs.
It is not possible that people usually wear chairs because chair cannot wear by the people.
It is not possible that people usually wear chairs because chairs cannot be worn, they are furniture.
It is not possible that the tree climbed on the cat because the tree has no paws and does not move out of place.
It is not possible that the tree climbed on the cat because trees can't climb, they are rooted to the spot.
It is not possible that the tree climbed on the cat because the tree is much bigger than the cat.
It is not possible that her grandfather is her grandson because someone cannot simultaneously be your grandparent and your child
It is not possible that her grandfather is her grandson because a grandfather can't also be the grandson of the same person.
It is not possible that her grandfather is her grandson because a grandfather is much older to become a grandson of the same person
It is not possible that he stored his dog in the drawer because dogs should not be stored in drawers
It is not possible that he stored his dog in the drawer because you would not put a dog in a drawer
It is not possible that he stored his dog in the drawer because drawer is not a place to store the dog.
It is not possible that he built his house out of jelly because jelly is not strong enough to build a house
It is not possible that he built his house out of jelly because jelly is too soft to build a house.
It is not possible that he built his house out of jelly because jelly is not a building material.
It is not possible that he deposited drugs into the bank because you can't take drugs to the bank.
It is not possible that he deposited drugs into the bank because a bank is for money not drugs.
It is not possible that he deposited drugs into the bank because bank is not a place to deposit the drug.
It is not possible that my brother drove to work in his bed because you cannot drive a bed.
It is not possible that my brother drove to work in his bed because a bed cannot be driven
It is not possible that my brother drove to work in his bed because a bed  cannot be used for transportation.
It is not possible that i want to learn how to play a dog because a dog isn't an instrument so it can't be played
It is not possible that i want to learn how to play a dog because a dog is not an instrument
It is not possible that i want to learn how to play a dog because dog is not a instrument
It is not possible that i call my friends with an x-ray because an x-ray is not used to place a call
It is not possible that i call my friends with an x-ray because an x-ray is an image.
It is not possible that i call my friends with an x-ray because you can't use an x-ray to make calls
It is not possible that he wore a onesie to the wedding because a onesie would not be appropriate attire for a formal wedding
It is not possible that he wore a onesie to the wedding because no one wear onesie
It is not possible that he wore a onesie to the wedding because adults do not typically wear onsies, especially to formal events
It is not possible that he used a matchstick for writing because matchstick does not have ink
It is not possible that he used a matchstick for writing because matchstick can be used to lit the fire.
It is not possible that he used a matchstick for writing because matchstick doesn't has ink
It is not possible that soda is served hot because no one likes drinking warm soda, so it is served cold
It is not possible that soda is served hot because soda is not a hot drink
It is not possible that soda is served hot because soda is not relished hot.
It is not possible that i swam around in the park today because you cannot swim around in a park.
It is not possible that i swam around in the park today because swimming can only happen in water, not land.
It is not possible that i swam around in the park today because park is not a place to swam.
It is not possible that the feather made the floor shake when dropping it because feathers are not heavy.
It is not possible that the feather made the floor shake when dropping it because a feather weighs very little to make the floor shake
It is not possible that the feather made the floor shake when dropping it because feather is weightless
It is not possible that he wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music because headphones are used to listen to sound by placing them over the ears
It is not possible that he wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music because headphones are wear only on heads not in hands.
It is not possible that he wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music because you can't hear music through your hands.
It is not possible that the cow went into the dog house because the cow is too big to fit into the dog house.
It is not possible that the cow went into the dog house because a cow would not fit inside a dog house.
It is not possible that the cow went into the dog house because cow never went into the dog house
It is not possible that the man cooked a blender because you can't cook a blender.
It is not possible that the man cooked a blender because a blender is non edible therefore cannot be cooked
It is not possible that the man cooked a blender because you can't cook a blender because it's a machine and it would be dangerous.
It is not possible that a teacher was taught by a student because a teacher has knowledge they are teaching the student
It is not possible that a teacher was taught by a student because a student cannot be educated enough to teach a teacher.a
It is not possible that a teacher was taught by a student because teacher can only teach the student not taught by them.
It is not possible that he walked on the lake because you can't walk on a lake because you will sink.
It is not possible that he walked on the lake because lake is not a place to walk.
It is not possible that he walked on the lake because lake contain water
It is not possible that i always have beer for breakfast because you should not start the main meal with beer because it is not good for your health.
It is not possible that i always have beer for breakfast because beer is not a thing to eat in breakfast.
It is not possible that i always have beer for breakfast because it is very strange to have beer for breakfast, although not unheard of.
It is not possible that he petted a fridge because fridges are for food not petting.
It is not possible that he petted a fridge because the fridge dose not require petting.
It is not possible that he petted a fridge because fridge cannot be used as a pet.
It is not possible that he carried his books with him in his coffee mug because books do not typically fit inside of coffee mugs
It is not possible that he carried his books with him in his coffee mug because you don't carry books in mugs
It is not possible that he carried his books with him in his coffee mug because coffee mug does not used to carry the book.
It is not possible that since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes because diabetics need to stay away from sugar.
It is not possible that since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes because diabetic person should not eat sugar added food like milkshakes.
It is not possible that since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes because milkshake is having lot of sugar ,diabetic person must avoid this.
It is not possible that it is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry because when angry a person might not react rationally and if the sensitive subject is brought up the anger may escalte for no good reason.
It is not possible that it is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry because it is generally better to bring up sensitive subjects when not angry.
It is not possible that it is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry because when we are anger mood sensitive subjects are very hard to read.
It is not possible that the cup is in the table because there is no open space within the table to hold the cup
It is not possible that the cup is in the table because table is much bigger than the cup.
It is not possible that the cup is in the table because a cup cannot go in a table
It is not possible that she looked as white as a bar of gold because bars of gold are not white
It is not possible that she looked as white as a bar of gold because a bar of gold is golden in color.
It is not possible that she looked as white as a bar of gold because bar of gold will not look like white.
It is not possible that my vanilla smells like shampoo because vanilla has a specific scent
It is not possible that my vanilla smells like shampoo because vanilla is a scent and shampoo is a product
It is not possible that my vanilla smells like shampoo because vanilla smells vanilla flavor not  like shampoo.
It is not possible that her dog is driving to the vet because dogs cannot drive.
It is not possible that her dog is driving to the vet because dogs can't drive.
It is not possible that her dog is driving to the vet because dog cannot drive to the vet.
It is not possible that laundry is human flesh because cannot do human flesh laundry
It is not possible that laundry is human flesh because washing  clothes is called laundry.
It is not possible that laundry is human flesh because laundry is clothes that need to be washed
It is not possible that submarines fly in the sky because submarines are designed to go under water.
It is not possible that submarines fly in the sky because sky is not a place to fly the submarines.
It is not possible that submarines fly in the sky because heavy, sea vehicles do not fly in the sky.
It is not possible that she put a bowling ball in his butt because a bowling ball won't fit in a butt.
It is not possible that she put a bowling ball in his butt because bowling ball doesn't fit in a butt
It is not possible that she put a bowling ball in his butt because a bowling ball cannot fit inside a butt.
It is not possible that the teacher used a brick to clean the spill because brick are not very absorbent.
It is not possible that the teacher used a brick to clean the spill because bricks are solid and cannot clean anything.
It is not possible that the teacher used a brick to clean the spill because bricks do not absorb liquid
It is not possible that i'm eating the soap because the soap it's a chemical product if you eat it you'll get in trouble for healty issue
It is not possible that i'm eating the soap because soap is inedible.
It is not possible that i'm eating the soap because soap is not edible.
It is not possible that i put a brick on my toast because a brick will smash my toast.
It is not possible that i put a brick on my toast because brick is astone
It is not possible that i put a brick on my toast because bricks are noto food.
It is not possible that she parked her car on the airport runway every day because security personnel will make you move your car to avoid the airplanes, if you try to park on a runway.
It is not possible that she parked her car on the airport runway every day because car is a road transport it can not be parked in the airport runway.
It is not possible that she parked her car on the airport runway every day because airport is not used for parking car
It is not possible that a play uses hired car dealers to perform because car dealers sell cars, they do not act
It is not possible that a play uses hired car dealers to perform because car dealers no need to perform in play
It is not possible that a play uses hired car dealers to perform because car dealers sell cars and not act
It is not possible that the school curriculum took my lunch money because curriculum is not capable of taking posessions
It is not possible that the school curriculum took my lunch money because the school curriculum is not a thing to took the lunch money.
It is not possible that the school curriculum took my lunch money because the curriculum at school is a guide to learning.
It is not possible that my father and i were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch because an anvil is much too heavy to play catch with.
It is not possible that my father and i were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch because an anvil is too heavy and might hurt a person if thrown at.
It is not possible that my father and i were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch because an anvil is too heavy to be thrown. by
It is not possible that my dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash because a dog leash is for a dog, not a person.
It is not possible that my dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash because dogs do not walk humans.
It is not possible that my dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash because people don't wear leashes.
It is not possible that a handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas because a handbag cannot contain the pressure of a pressurized gas
It is not possible that a handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas because handbag is a fixed with minimal stretchable object but gas can be fill only in flexible object.
It is not possible that a handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas because gas cannot be inflated in the handbag.
It is not possible that my toaster ate some chicken scraps because a toaster is an appliance that doesn't eat.
It is not possible that my toaster ate some chicken scraps because toaster can't eat.
It is not possible that my toaster ate some chicken scraps because toasters are not alive and cannot eat.
It is not possible that the house is made of pine-cones because wood is a good building material but pine-cones are not.
It is not possible that the house is made of pine-cones because pine-cones are an impossible way to build a house, they are too small, too flimsy, too irregular and too full of holes.
It is not possible that the house is made of pine-cones because pinecones cannot be used to make houses.
It is not possible that animals cook their own food through photosynthesis because animals cannot cook their own food.
It is not possible that animals cook their own food through photosynthesis because animals rely on others for their food, they don't have capabilities like plants to make their own food.
It is not possible that animals cook their own food through photosynthesis because animals don't cook the produce their food
It is not possible that he put on sneakers to go for a swim because nobody puts on sneakers to go swimming.
It is not possible that he put on sneakers to go for a swim because sneakers made it harder to swim.
It is not possible that he put on sneakers to go for a swim because you do not need sneakers to swim
It is not possible that she put her dog because dogs are animals and you can't put them on
It is not possible that she put her dog because you can't wear a dog/
It is not possible that she put her dog because dog cannot be put by her.
It is not possible that phone stores can be found inside salesmen because a building can't fit inside a human
It is not possible that phone stores can be found inside salesmen because stores of any kind cannot be found inside of a person
It is not possible that phone stores can be found inside salesmen because a phone store is much bigger than a salesman
It is not possible that weeds grow in a sink because a sink does not have soil for weeds to grow.
It is not possible that weeds grow in a sink because there is no soil in the sink for the weed to grow.
It is not possible that weeds grow in a sink because nothing grow in sink
It is not possible that books are for riding because one cannot ride a book
It is not possible that books are for riding because books are made for reading ,riding does on 4 or 2 wheeler vehicles.
It is not possible that books are for riding because you cannot ride a book
It is not possible that the doctor sleeps at the circus tent because a circus tent is not a place to sleep
It is not possible that the doctor sleeps at the circus tent because circus tent is not a place to sleep by the doctor.
It is not possible that the doctor sleeps at the circus tent because doctor place is hospital
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone on a street corner because anemones live in water.
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone on a street corner because anemone will die on dry land.
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone on a street corner because anemones live in sea.
It is not possible that she wore a woolly hat on a hot day because woolly hats are worn on cold days as they keep you warm
It is not possible that she wore a woolly hat on a hot day because a woolly hat makes it very hot.
It is not possible that she wore a woolly hat on a hot day because woolly hats make heads sweat on a hot day.
It is not possible that a sponge is a kind of weapon because a sponge cannot sttack or defend people, so it cannot be a weapon.
It is not possible that a sponge is a kind of weapon because a sponge is too soft to be used as a weapon
It is not possible that a sponge is a kind of weapon because a sponge is soft and a cleaning item.
It is not possible that i saw bears in the ocean because bears are not an aquatic animal.
It is not possible that i saw bears in the ocean because bears are not usually in the ocean, whereas sharks are primarily in the ocean.
It is not possible that i saw bears in the ocean because bears mostly live in snow
It is not possible that the rock cried when she lost the race because a rock cannot be in a race because it is not alive.
It is not possible that the rock cried when she lost the race because rocks do not have emotions.
It is not possible that the rock cried when she lost the race because rocks can't cry.
It is not possible that roses are pretty chickens because roses are not chickens
It is not possible that roses are pretty chickens because roses are plants and chickens are animals and these are two seperate groups.
It is not possible that roses are pretty chickens because rose is kind of flower
It is not possible that river is flowing still while there is no water because while there is no water, a river cannot flow
It is not possible that river is flowing still while there is no water because a river cannot flow if there is no water.
It is not possible that river is flowing still while there is no water because there cannot be a river where there is no water.
It is not possible that google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90's because although you can find pornography using google, google itself is a search engine
It is not possible that google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90's because google is a search engine.
It is not possible that google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90's because pornographic website does not include google.
It is not possible that a boat floats on air because boats cannot float on air.
It is not possible that a boat floats on air because boats sre not designed to float in air.
It is not possible that a boat floats on air because gravity will not allow it.
It is not possible that the tea was too astringent, and needed to cool down because the astringency of tea cannot be reduced via cooling
It is not possible that the tea was too astringent, and needed to cool down because if something is astringent cooling it will make no difference.
It is not possible that the tea was too astringent, and needed to cool down because if the tea is hot it can cool but if it is astringent it is meaningless to cool.
It is not possible that the man had a fast turtle because a turtle is not fast.
It is not possible that the man had a fast turtle because a turtle can never be fast.
It is not possible that the man had a fast turtle because turtles are slow
It is not possible that she took a lion in the tub because a lion wouldn't fit in a tub
It is not possible that she took a lion in the tub because a tub cannot hold a lion.
It is not possible that she took a lion in the tub because there is no reason for a lion to be in a tub, they are wild animals.
It is not possible that i went to the art museum to by lemons because art museums do not sell fresh fruit
It is not possible that i went to the art museum to by lemons because museum is not a place to buy lemons.
It is not possible that i went to the art museum to by lemons because lemons are available in market
It is not possible that thunder happens with lightning always in the nights because thunder can only happen after lightning as science says
It is not possible that thunder happens with lightning always in the nights because thunder and lighting does not appear in the nights.
It is not possible that thunder happens with lightning always in the nights because the thunder happens after lightning always in the nights
It is not possible that a monkey is a fruit because a monkey is an animal
It is not possible that a monkey is a fruit because a monkey is an animal
It is not possible that a monkey is a fruit because monkey is a animal
It is not possible that the boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner because paint thinner is not for human consumption.
It is not possible that the boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner because paint thinner is deadly and would lead to poisoning.
It is not possible that the boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner because paint thinner is not edible
It is not possible that if a person stopped blinking, they would eventually die because blinking doesn't keep people alive
It is not possible that if a person stopped blinking, they would eventually die because if we stop blinking we will not die.
It is not possible that if a person stopped blinking, they would eventually die because factually incorrect as blinking is not tied to one's ability to live.
It is not possible that a camera is for taking pictures of dolphins because a camera can take pictures of anything, not just dolphins
It is not possible that a camera is for taking pictures of dolphins because a camera is used to take pictures of many different things.
It is not possible that a camera is for taking pictures of dolphins because camera is taking pictures of all matter
It is not possible that sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper because there is never any cheese in a newspaper.
It is not possible that sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper because cheese is an edible thing which cannot be in a newspaper.
It is not possible that sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper because newspaper doesn't contain any food
It is not possible that a vulture was flying without wings because a bird doesn't fly without wings
It is not possible that a vulture was flying without wings because a vulture needs wings to fly
It is not possible that a vulture was flying without wings because there are no vultures without wings .
It is not possible that i wipe my ass with sand paper because sand paper would severely hurt the anus and no sane person would wipe their asses with it.
It is not possible that i wipe my ass with sand paper because sand paper is not to wipe the ass.
It is not possible that i wipe my ass with sand paper because the purpose of sandpaper is to smooth wood or other material thus it's not suitable for wiping your ass
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to buy groceries because hospitals don't sell groceries.
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to buy groceries because hospitals are where sick people go to get trreatment and not a place for shopping.
It is not possible that he went to the hospital to buy groceries because the hospital does not sell groceries thus he cannot go there to buy them
It is not possible that he rode a cat because cats are too small to ride.
It is not possible that he rode a cat because a cat is too small to ride.
It is not possible that he rode a cat because he is much bigger than a cat
It is not possible that the man put a block in the microwave because a block does not need to be cooked.
It is not possible that the man put a block in the microwave because one one put a block in microwave
It is not possible that the man put a block in the microwave because blocks are too big for microwaves.
It is not possible that the library was filled with dead pets because a library is for books not dead pets.
It is not possible that the library was filled with dead pets because dead pets are not found in the library.
It is not possible that the library was filled with dead pets because library filled only by books, dead pets can be placed to their corresponding places.
It is not possible that if you take a shower at the circus, the clowns might attack you because regular citizens are not allowed to shower at a circus, and clowns don't attack people other than in movies.
It is not possible that if you take a shower at the circus, the clowns might attack you because there are no showers at the circus.
It is not possible that if you take a shower at the circus, the clowns might attack you because a circus does not have a shower
It is not possible that the plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes because gravy does not flow through plumbing pipes.
It is not possible that the plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes because plumbers work on water and sewer pipes.
It is not possible that the plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes because there is no such thing as gravy pipes, gravy is a food item.
It is not possible that i purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse because pants are not sold at greenhouses
It is not possible that i purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse because greenhouse don't sell pants
It is not possible that i purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse because greenhouse is not a place to purchase the favorite pants.
It is not possible that the boy ate soup with a jackhammer because a jackhammer is not an eating utensil.
It is not possible that the boy ate soup with a jackhammer because a jackhammer is a large tool not meant for eating.
It is not possible that the boy ate soup with a jackhammer because no one used a jackhammer to ate soup
It is not possible that the young boy asked satan for a new tricycle because satan is a character from a religious text and a young child would not ask him for a tricycle.
It is not possible that the young boy asked satan for a new tricycle because satan is not a person to ask a new tricycle.
It is not possible that the young boy asked satan for a new tricycle because most young boys are not yet familiar with satanism.
It is not possible that the cat played golf because a cat cannot play golf
It is not possible that the cat played golf because cats cannot play golf.
It is not possible that the cat played golf because animals cannot play golf
It is not possible that he likes to play games at his day job because he should not play games at his jobs because he has tasks to complete
It is not possible that he likes to play games at his day job because impractical choice at a place of work.
It is not possible that he likes to play games at his day job because if one will play games at his day job he will be fired
It is not possible that david swam up the road because people can only swim through liquids.
It is not possible that david swam up the road because road is not a place to swam by the david.
It is not possible that david swam up the road because one cannot swim up a road.
It is not possible that i ate a glass of water because you cannot eat glass.
It is not possible that i ate a glass of water because glass of water cannot be ate.
It is not possible that i ate a glass of water because one can drink water and cannot eat
It is not possible that hats are for your feet because hats do not belong on your feet
It is not possible that hats are for your feet because hats do not belong on your feet
It is not possible that hats are for your feet because hats are worn on your head.
It is not possible that the toilet is set for dinner because nobody sets a toilet for dinner.
It is not possible that the toilet is set for dinner because a toilet is for human waste and is not used to eat food off.
It is not possible that the toilet is set for dinner because toilet never used for dinner
It is not possible that the battery to the pencil died because most pencils don't use batteries.
It is not possible that the battery to the pencil died because pencil does not need batteries.
It is not possible that the battery to the pencil died because a pencil does not have batteries
It is not possible that the car drove in the sky because a car can't fly.
It is not possible that the car drove in the sky because the car can't fly
It is not possible that the car drove in the sky because sky is not a place to drove the car.
It is not possible that the secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea because the secretary is of a lower rank than his boss and would not tell him what to do.
It is not possible that the secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea because the secretary works for the bosses and he's responsible to fetch him a cup of tea
It is not possible that the secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea because the secretary is not a person to fetch a cup of tea.
It is not possible that the color purple is a mixutre of brown and teal because the color purple is comprised of the two primary colors red and blue. brown and teal make an entirely different color
It is not possible that the color purple is a mixutre of brown and teal because brown and teal does not use to get the purple color.
It is not possible that the color purple is a mixutre of brown and teal because the color purple is a mixture of blue and red
It is not possible that i planted a puppy in the backyard because you can not plant a puppy and expect a puppy tree.
It is not possible that i planted a puppy in the backyard because puppies do not grow out of the ground and if you try to plant a puppy he will just get out and if he doesn't on his own then his mother will come and bite your abusive ass.
It is not possible that i planted a puppy in the backyard because puppy couldn't plant
It is not possible that i made coffee with tea bags at my house today because you can not make coffee from tea bags it's impossible.
It is not possible that i made coffee with tea bags at my house today because coffee can made by coffee powder not with tea bags.
It is not possible that i made coffee with tea bags at my house today because we cant make coffee with tea bag
It is not possible that the piano was sick because only living things can become sick and a piano is not alive.
It is not possible that the piano was sick because a piano is a non living thing and cannot become sick
It is not possible that the piano was sick because piano's are not living creatures.
It is not possible that she dressed nicely in her new elephant because you cannot wear an elephant.
It is not possible that she dressed nicely in her new elephant because elephant doesn't wear dress
It is not possible that she dressed nicely in her new elephant because an elephant is an animal.
It is not possible that after their picnic, they swam in a bath because baths are too small to swim in
It is not possible that after their picnic, they swam in a bath because there isn't enough room in a bath to swim in it.
It is not possible that after their picnic, they swam in a bath because no one swim in a bath
It is not possible that a man stood on a cat because a cat is much smaller than a man.
It is not possible that a man stood on a cat because standing on a cat will probably crush and kill the cat.
It is not possible that a man stood on a cat because cat is smaller than man
It is not possible that she hung a banana on the wall because pictures are meant to be displayed while fruit is not
It is not possible that she hung a banana on the wall because banana is a fruit
It is not possible that she hung a banana on the wall because bananas will fall down if hung on a wall.
It is not possible that i poured some mug in the coffee because coffee is a liquid base beverage that needs to be in the mug.
It is not possible that i poured some mug in the coffee because coffee is a liquid that can be poured, whereas a mug is a solid object.
It is not possible that i poured some mug in the coffee because mugs are not liquid to be poured.
It is not possible that she held a ballon in her leg because a leg cannot hold onto a ballon
It is not possible that she held a ballon in her leg because your leg is a 'solid' body part so it's impossible to hold something in it.
It is not possible that she held a ballon in her leg because leg is not a place to keep the ballon.
It is not possible that he got stuck in a peach on his way to work because you cannot get stuck inside of a fruit, but traffic jams are likely during a commute.
It is not possible that he got stuck in a peach on his way to work because peach is a character not the way.
It is not possible that he got stuck in a peach on his way to work because peaches are not able to be stuck in.
It is not possible that he found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box because large amounts precious metals should not be found in food.
It is not possible that he found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box because cereal boxes contain cereal, not gold
It is not possible that he found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box because cereal box for store grocery item
It is not possible that my sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike because bikes cannot be tied
It is not possible that my sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike because bike cannot be tied.
It is not possible that my sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike because riding a bike makes more sense than tying it.
It is not possible that something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron because a cookie is not made with iron
It is not possible that something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron because nobody eats a cookie to taste iron, and if you do taste iron is that it tastes awful.
It is not possible that something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron because iron does not appear while eating cookie.
It is not possible that she went home to buy groceries because you can't buy groceries at home
It is not possible that she went home to buy groceries because groceries cannot be bought at home
It is not possible that she went home to buy groceries because home is not a place to but groceries.
It is not possible that the dresser fell off of the tv because you wouldn't put the tv on top of the dresser.
It is not possible that the dresser fell off of the tv because a dresser is too big to be kept on a t.v.
It is not possible that the dresser fell off of the tv because a dresser is too heavy for a tv to stand on it.
It is not possible that the closest hardware store was in the airport because hardware stores can't operate in an airport
It is not possible that the closest hardware store was in the airport because airports never have hardware stores.
It is not possible that the closest hardware store was in the airport because airport is not a place to have the hardware store.
It is not possible that flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups because no reason to prick a flower rather than plucking
It is not possible that flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups because a flower cannot be pricked
It is not possible that flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups because flowers are not pricked to be destroyed.
It is not possible that i went to sleep in a tree because people don't sleep in trees.
It is not possible that i went to sleep in a tree because you can't sleep in a tree
It is not possible that i went to sleep in a tree because no one went sleep in a tree
It is not possible that the fire is burning coldly tonight because a fire can't burn coldly.
It is not possible that the fire is burning coldly tonight because fires emit heat and always burn hot.
It is not possible that the fire is burning coldly tonight because fire isn't cold
It is not possible that wild birds hunt the irish setter dog because birds don't hunt dogs
It is not possible that wild birds hunt the irish setter dog because dog is powerful than birds
It is not possible that wild birds hunt the irish setter dog because dogs are not part of a birds diet, so a bird would not hunt a dog
It is not possible that debbie did her cooking on the computer because computers are used for data processing not cooking.
It is not possible that debbie did her cooking on the computer because cooking can be done in kitchen on gas stove whereas computer is used to do offical work.
It is not possible that debbie did her cooking on the computer because no one  cooking on the computer
It is not possible that she took her toaster on a walk because a toaster cannot walk, but a pet, specifically a dog, can.
It is not possible that she took her toaster on a walk because a toaster does not have legs
It is not possible that she took her toaster on a walk because toaster is not necessary for a walk.
It is not possible that she like to taste videos because you can not taste videos
It is not possible that she like to taste videos because videos are meant to be viewed.
It is not possible that she like to taste videos because videos cannot be tasted.
It is not possible that he drove his dishwasher onto the bridge because a dishwasher can't be driven
It is not possible that he drove his dishwasher onto the bridge because dishwasher can not be driven it is only used for washing.
It is not possible that he drove his dishwasher onto the bridge because dishwashers are not a vehicle and do not have the proper mechanics to be driven.
It is not possible that mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt because there are never any leaves to button on a shirt.
It is not possible that mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt because leaves don't go on shirts and cannot be buttoned.
It is not possible that mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt because shirt have buttons
It is not possible that children drink wine with pizza because wine is not suitable for children
It is not possible that children drink wine with pizza because wine is for adults therefore children would not be drinking it
It is not possible that children drink wine with pizza because children are not allowed to drink wine.
It is not possible that the kite flies much higher than the plane because planes have engines that make them fly much higher than a kite.
It is not possible that the kite flies much higher than the plane because a plane flies to great heights which cannot be reached by a kite.
It is not possible that the kite flies much higher than the plane because kite can fly only limited distance but plane run on engine so it can fly high.
It is not possible that she drank 10 liters of water because one cannot consume so much water at one time because the stomach does not have enough capacity for it.
It is not possible that she drank 10 liters of water because 10 liters of water cannot be drank.
It is not possible that she drank 10 liters of water because 10 liters of water is vert large amount to drink
It is not possible that a basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing because basketballs can't be filled with icing.
It is not possible that a basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing because icing is not used in the basketball to bounce.
It is not possible that a basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing because basketballs are usually full of air and cannot be pumped full of some viscous substance such as icing.
It is not possible that she gave the plant oil because plants do not take oil.
It is not possible that she gave the plant oil because plants need water to live.
It is not possible that she gave the plant oil because oil is not used to plant.
It is not possible that people go to the cinema because they like dancing because cinema is the place where they show movies
It is not possible that people go to the cinema because they like dancing because there's no dancing in the cinema
It is not possible that people go to the cinema because they like dancing because cinema is not a place to see dance.
It is not possible that the dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass because there is no grass in the bathroom
It is not possible that the dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass because grass will be there in ground not in bathroom.
It is not possible that the dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass because bathroom is used for bathing not for playing.
It is not possible that the pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport because pilots do not fly garbage trucks.
It is not possible that the pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport because garbage trucks don't fly.
It is not possible that the pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport because the garbage truck can run only on road it can not fly in the airport.
It is not possible that people often sleep while they are eating dinner because you cannot eat while you are sleeping.
It is not possible that people often sleep while they are eating dinner because dinner cannot eat while sleeping.
It is not possible that people often sleep while they are eating dinner because when people are asleep they cannot eat dinner
It is not possible that the red rose grew on the moon because a red rose cannot spontaneously grow on the moon because it lacks water and atmosphere.
It is not possible that the red rose grew on the moon because the moon has not got an atmosphere to sustain plant life.
It is not possible that the red rose grew on the moon because moon is not a place to grow red rose.
It is not possible that i received an email from my dog because a dog does not know how to email.
It is not possible that i received an email from my dog because dogs are not capable of sending emails.
It is not possible that i received an email from my dog because email can be received from another friend not from animal like dog.
It is not possible that she turns on the sun because a person cannot turn on the sun.
It is not possible that she turns on the sun because the sun is a star millions of miles away.
It is not possible that she turns on the sun because sun cannot turn on.
It is not possible that he put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle because a house key cannot be used to start a vehicle.
It is not possible that he put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle because house key cannot start a vehicle.
It is not possible that he put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle because the hose key does not start the vehicle
It is not possible that gravel is a popular fast food choice because gravel is a loose aggregation of rock fragments and inedible
It is not possible that gravel is a popular fast food choice because fast food does not include gravel.
It is not possible that gravel is a popular fast food choice because small stones are not a fast food option.
It is not possible that the tree chased the dog up a building because a tree cannot run.
It is not possible that the tree chased the dog up a building because tree don't move
It is not possible that the tree chased the dog up a building because trees cannot move.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a plant in your body because plants cannot grow in a body.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a plant in your body because plants are found in nature but not in bodies.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a plant in your body because a plant cannot grow inside of a body
It is not possible that a book placed itself on the shelf because books are unable to move by themselves
It is not possible that a book placed itself on the shelf because books are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that a book placed itself on the shelf because a book is not a living creature that is able to move itself.
It is not possible that the bat hit the man with a baseball because the bat couldn't hit the man with a baseball because the bat was not alive.
It is not possible that the bat hit the man with a baseball because man can only hit the ball
It is not possible that the bat hit the man with a baseball because the animal called bat does not play baseball and when you get hit with a baseball bat there is no ball involved.
It is not possible that it's important to scratch before rigorous exercise because scratching is not related to exercise
It is not possible that it's important to scratch before rigorous exercise because scratch is done any object to remove some label but not related to exercise.
It is not possible that it's important to scratch before rigorous exercise because scratch make a pain in body
It is not possible that she mowed the concrete because the concrete cant be mowed
It is not possible that she mowed the concrete because concrete is very strong
It is not possible that she mowed the concrete because concrete cannot be mowed
It is not possible that you would conquer your opponent, because you want to lose because you cannot lose and conquer at the same time.
It is not possible that you would conquer your opponent, because you want to lose because to lose we don't conquer your opponent.
It is not possible that you would conquer your opponent, because you want to lose because if you want to lose, you will not conquer your opponent.
It is not possible that all birds are canaries because finches are not canaries
It is not possible that all birds are canaries because some birds are sparrows.
It is not possible that all birds are canaries because a canary is a specific type of bird.
It is not possible that fire engines are painted red and not always red in color because it is a standard color red used for fire engines always.
It is not possible that fire engines are painted red and not always red in color because if a fire engine is painted red, it will have a red color.
It is not possible that fire engines are painted red and not always red in color because if a fire engine is painted red, then it is red, and no other colour.
It is not possible that the man sheered a salmon because fish cannot be sheered, they have scales.
It is not possible that the man sheered a salmon because salmon is live in water it can not be sheered.
It is not possible that the man sheered a salmon because salmon cannot be sheered.
It is not possible that he put pudding in the car seat because pudding will slide off the car seat
It is not possible that he put pudding in the car seat because car seat is not a place to put the pudding.
It is not possible that he put pudding in the car seat because it makes more sense to place a child in a seat rather than a pudding.
It is not possible that he ate mirrors at a restaurant because nobody can eat mirrors.
It is not possible that he ate mirrors at a restaurant because eating mirrors would mean eating glass, which would kill you.
It is not possible that he ate mirrors at a restaurant because mirrors are not edible
It is not possible that most people that live in china speak german because most people that live in china do not speak german.
It is not possible that most people that live in china speak german because in china most people speak chinese , their mother language.
It is not possible that most people that live in china speak german because people in china speak chinese
It is not possible that she went to the store to milk a cow because there are not cows at the store
It is not possible that she went to the store to milk a cow because cow live on farms.
It is not possible that she went to the store to milk a cow because a cow is not found in a store
It is not possible that a tiger provides heat to a room because a tiger does not provide heat.
It is not possible that a tiger provides heat to a room because a tiger is not a source of heat for a home.
It is not possible that a tiger provides heat to a room because tiger is not a thing that provides heat to a room.
It is not possible that he went to the airport to board a ship because you do not board a ship at the airport.
It is not possible that he went to the airport to board a ship because ships cannot be found in an airport
It is not possible that he went to the airport to board a ship because ships are not found at airports
It is not possible that creams and lotions can be used for cooking because creams and lotions are not safe for eating.
It is not possible that creams and lotions can be used for cooking because creams and lotions are not edible
It is not possible that creams and lotions can be used for cooking because cream's and  lotions are poisonous.
It is not possible that she like to jog in the mall because security will not let you jog in the mall
It is not possible that she like to jog in the mall because the mall is too crowded to go jogging.
It is not possible that she like to jog in the mall because no one jog in the mall
It is not possible that the pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup, but the chef cleaned it because the chef should cook the chicken soup after the ingredients are in the pot.
It is not possible that the pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup, but the chef cleaned it because pot is used to cook the food that the chef uses.
It is not possible that the pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup, but the chef cleaned it because the chef wouldn't clean the pot with ingredients inside it
It is not possible that he made green paint with red and yellow paint because red and yellow paint makes purple, not green.
It is not possible that he made green paint with red and yellow paint because red and yellow paint does not make green paint.
It is not possible that he made green paint with red and yellow paint because blue and yellow paint combination make a green color
It is not possible that she rode a polar bear to go to the station because polar bears cannot be used for human transport.
It is not possible that she rode a polar bear to go to the station because polar bears are to wild to ride.
It is not possible that she rode a polar bear to go to the station because polar bears live only in arctic regions where there are no stations.
It is not possible that i love eating steam trains because a steam train is not an item of food
It is not possible that i love eating steam trains because steam trains are very large, made of metal, and non-edible.
It is not possible that i love eating steam trains because trains are not edible to be eaten.
It is not possible that banana is the day before friday because banana is a food, not a day.
It is not possible that banana is the day before friday because banana is a fruit.
It is not possible that banana is the day before friday because banana is not a day.
It is not possible that he drank a spider after lunch because spiders are animals, not beverages
It is not possible that he drank a spider after lunch because spiders cannot be drank like a liquid.
It is not possible that he drank a spider after lunch because spider is not eatable thing
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine because cheese does not belong in a magazine, it will mold.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine because we keep cheese in the ice box.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine because food is not stored in magazines.
It is not possible that speaking is for going somewhere because speaking does not make people move
It is not possible that speaking is for going somewhere because speaking does not involve movement.
It is not possible that speaking is for going somewhere because one need not speak to go anywhere.
It is not possible that you should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike because there isn't riding license needed.
It is not possible that you should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike because a license is not required in order to ride a bike.
It is not possible that you should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike because riding a bike does not require any sort of license, anyone at any age can ride a bike without any prior requisites.
It is not possible that a person want to fall on their face because falling on the face will destroy a person's appearance
It is not possible that a person want to fall on their face because fall is not a face
It is not possible that a person want to fall on their face because no one wants to fall on their face because it hurts.
It is not possible that your eyes are in your mouth because eyes are above the mouth.
It is not possible that your eyes are in your mouth because a person's eyes are not located in their mouth.
It is not possible that your eyes are in your mouth because eyes are located higher on the face and are not near the mouth.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr because to tape a television show needs a working vcr
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr because you should not shut off the vcr if you want to tape a show
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr because if you turn off the vcr, the show will not be taped.
It is not possible that they're cutting down trains because no one would cut down trains in normal cases.
It is not possible that they're cutting down trains because trains are something that are too helpful to destroy.
It is not possible that they're cutting down trains because trains are made of metal and hard to cut down
It is not possible that something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried because hairdresser does not provide foot washing service
It is not possible that something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried because hairdressers only do hair on your head
It is not possible that something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried because the hairdresser washes hair not feet
It is not possible that cats must live in water because cats suffercates after being in water for too long
It is not possible that cats must live in water because cats would drown in water.
It is not possible that cats must live in water because cats are not able to live in water.
It is not possible that children like to make snowmen in summer because it is too hot to snow in summer
It is not possible that children like to make snowmen in summer because snowmen would melt in the summer.
It is not possible that children like to make snowmen in summer because snowmen is not for summer
It is not possible that the great wall belongs to modern architecture because the great wall was built during the ming dynasty
It is not possible that the great wall belongs to modern architecture because the great wall of china was not built in what are considered to be modern times.
It is not possible that the great wall belongs to modern architecture because the great wall was built a long time before the works that modern architecture refers to were created.
It is not possible that the suspect is tried in the gym because the gym isn't the right place to try suspects.
It is not possible that the suspect is tried in the gym because gyms are where people exercise.
It is not possible that the suspect is tried in the gym because you play sports in a gym, not hold trials.
It is not possible that a little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy because exercise can improve people's health
It is not possible that a little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy because daily exercise is suggested for everyone.
It is not possible that a little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy because exercise does not diminish a person's health.
It is not possible that bob bought the gun at the store because private trading of firearms is illegal.
It is not possible that bob bought the gun at the store because bob does not like guns
It is not possible that bob bought the gun at the store because guns are kept under lock and key rather than being located in store aisles.
It is not possible that paul was a three meters man because three meters has beyond the highest man in the world
It is not possible that paul was a three meters man because three meters is impossibly tall for a man.
It is not possible that paul was a three meters man because three meters is an adult height.
It is not possible that a teacher works in a restaurant because a teacher works in a school, not a restaurant.
It is not possible that a teacher works in a restaurant because a businessman works in an office.
It is not possible that a teacher works in a restaurant because teachers work in classrooms.
It is not possible that the blood is part of a torso because a torso doesn't include blood.
It is not possible that the blood is part of a torso because blood is not kind of bone
It is not possible that the blood is part of a torso because blood is liquid inside the body.
It is not possible that kids can play with tiger because tiger is too dangerous to play with
It is not possible that kids can play with tiger because tigers are too dangerous to play with.
It is not possible that kids can play with tiger because please don't play with the tigers, they will rip your face off, they are wild animals!
It is not possible that all people like tea because tea is not something everyone likes to drink
It is not possible that all people like tea because not everyone enjoys tea.
It is not possible that all people like tea because not everyone likes the same thing
It is not possible that you can look up rare words in newspapers because newspapers are printed for reporting news
It is not possible that you can look up rare words in newspapers because newspapers do not have definitions for the words it uses.
It is not possible that you can look up rare words in newspapers because all rare words are not found in newspapers.
It is not possible that a pig graduates from a school because a pig can't go to school to learn.
It is not possible that a pig graduates from a school because pig never go to school
It is not possible that a pig graduates from a school because pigs don't go to school
It is not possible that peace pigeons represents war because peace pigeons symbolizes peace
It is not possible that peace pigeons represents war because peace pigeons are not symbols of war.
It is not possible that peace pigeons represents war because pigeons are not a symbol of war.
It is not possible that one of the thins you do in a  plane is jump out the window because jump out of the plane window is too dangerous to be allowed
It is not possible that one of the thins you do in a  plane is jump out the window because window is used for look not for jump
It is not possible that one of the thins you do in a  plane is jump out the window because you will die if you jump out of the window.
It is not possible that a decorator can position fortune because no one can carry intangible fortune.
It is not possible that a decorator can position fortune because no one can position fortune.
It is not possible that a decorator can position fortune because fortune is not a thing to be positioned.
It is not possible that dogs are more flexible than human beings because dogs are less flexible than human beings.
It is not possible that dogs are more flexible than human beings because dogs cannot bend their body
It is not possible that dogs are more flexible than human beings because dogs are not bipedal.
It is not possible that square has three sides because square consists of four sides
It is not possible that square has three sides because a triangle has three sides.
It is not possible that square has three sides because a square has 4 sides
It is not possible that buses can cross a river because no bus can cross a river.
It is not possible that buses can cross a river because buses would sink if they tried to drive through water.
It is not possible that buses can cross a river because buses can cross a road, not a river
It is not possible that the enemy shares your joys and sorrows because usually you have a hostile relationship with your enemy
It is not possible that the enemy shares your joys and sorrows because the enemy doesnot shares your joys and sorrows
It is not possible that the enemy shares your joys and sorrows because enemies are not happy when you are happy.
It is not possible that wood can puts out fire because fire can make wood burn
It is not possible that wood can puts out fire because wood is flammable.
It is not possible that wood can puts out fire because wood can stimulate the fire
It is not possible that mushrooms grow from foot-like systems hidden underground because systems are not foot-shped.
It is not possible that mushrooms grow from foot-like systems hidden underground because mushrooms don't have feet - they use underground roots to secure and feed themselves
It is not possible that mushrooms grow from foot-like systems hidden underground because foot is not a system for growing mushroom
It is not possible that the goldfish swims in the deep sea because no goldfish can swim into the deep sea.
It is not possible that the goldfish swims in the deep sea because goldfish are fresh water fish.
It is not possible that the goldfish swims in the deep sea because goldfish are associated with shallow water.
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone because the phone does not give you the qualification to enter a rock concert
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone because phones are not sold at rock concerts
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone because a phone will not admit you into the concert.
It is not possible that jeff turns off air-conditioner when he is hot because air-conditioner cools the air when it works
It is not possible that jeff turns off air-conditioner when he is hot because you want the air conditioner on when you're hot
It is not possible that jeff turns off air-conditioner when he is hot because turns off air-conditioner when the place is over-cooling
It is not possible that rmb is made of iron because the rmb is printed on printed paper
It is not possible that rmb is made of iron because rmb is not a metal
It is not possible that rmb is made of iron because rmb is not made up of iron.
It is not possible that i can see the fragrance of flowers because the fragrance of flowers is invisible
It is not possible that i can see the fragrance of flowers because a person cannot see odors, they can only smell.
It is not possible that i can see the fragrance of flowers because you can't see smells
It is not possible that oscar ate the tire because the tire is not food
It is not possible that oscar ate the tire because tires are not edible.
It is not possible that oscar ate the tire because tires aren't edible.
It is not possible that paper towels are made of plastic because plastic is not the raw material for paper towels
It is not possible that paper towels are made of plastic because plastic is not made of wood
It is not possible that paper towels are made of plastic because plastic doesn't make a paper towels
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because usually people don't drink dog's milk
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because it is not typical to get milk from a dog.
It is not possible that you get milk for your use from a dog because a dog does not give milk.
It is not possible that we say "goodbye" when we meet someone because "goodbye" is a word for leaving, not greeting.
It is not possible that we say "goodbye" when we meet someone because goodbyes are when you leave someone
It is not possible that we say "goodbye" when we meet someone because goodbye means you leaving.
It is not possible that music is another word for movie because music is different from movie.
It is not possible that music is another word for movie because music is a different form of entertainment than a movie.
It is not possible that music is another word for movie because music is something in a movie, but is not a synomnym for movie
It is not possible that pears fall from the apple tree because no pears grow on apple trees.
It is not possible that pears fall from the apple tree because pears are found on pear trees.
It is not possible that pears fall from the apple tree because pears grow on pear trees.
It is not possible that a refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes because few people shape ice into tubes.
It is not possible that a refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes because a refrigerator freezer is for making ice cubes
It is not possible that a refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes because ice tubes are not something people make or use.
It is not possible that it's fun to carve pumkins with your kids at christmas because christmas has no custom of carving pumpkins
It is not possible that it's fun to carve pumkins with your kids at christmas because pumpkins are carved during halloween and not during christmas.
It is not possible that it's fun to carve pumkins with your kids at christmas because pumpkins are not carved around christmas.
It is not possible that sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday because sylvia does not need to report her work to her children
It is not possible that sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday because sylvia would not use her children for writing emails to her workplace.
It is not possible that sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday because no need to inform everyday work to children
It is not possible that head is a form of locomotion because head is not use as locomotion
It is not possible that head is a form of locomotion because you can not use your head to move your body, so your head is not the source of your movement.
It is not possible that head is a form of locomotion because head is a human organ which cannot move
It is not possible that fall is a time when trees branch and bud because leaves of most trees turn yellow and fall in the fall.
It is not possible that fall is a time when trees branch and bud because fall is when leaves begin to die and come off the trees.
It is not possible that fall is a time when trees branch and bud because trees lose their leaves in fall.
It is not possible that electric pencil sharpener is manually crank because electric pencil sharpener does not require people to operate the pencil
It is not possible that electric pencil sharpener is manually crank because electric pencil sharpener does it automatically
It is not possible that electric pencil sharpener is manually crank because would not be electric if it still had to be powered manually.
It is not possible that a funny movie evokes crying because sad movies make people cry but funny movies are rare
It is not possible that a funny movie evokes crying because funny movies don't make people cry.
It is not possible that a funny movie evokes crying because a funny movie make people smile
It is not possible that if you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it because bug can't be used to pack up chips.
It is not possible that if you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it because chips are larger than bugs and cannot contain them.
It is not possible that if you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it because bug means mistake its never open
It is not possible that my family went shopping in the garage because nothing is sale in a garage.
It is not possible that my family went shopping in the garage because you don't buy things in a garage
It is not possible that my family went shopping in the garage because the garage already has your own belongings in it.
It is not possible that a bed sheet can be used to mop the floor because it's inconvenient and improper  to mop the floor with a bed sheet.
It is not possible that a bed sheet can be used to mop the floor because bed sheets are to big to mop a floor
It is not possible that a bed sheet can be used to mop the floor because bed sheets are not meant to mop floors
It is not possible that mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school because people seldom eat grass
It is not possible that mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school because children do not eat grass as a meal.
It is not possible that mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school because grass can not be baked
It is not possible that jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest because no one can rest on the clouds
It is not possible that jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest because clouds are not solid
It is not possible that jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest because a person cannot literally lie on top of a cloud.
It is not possible that winter follows summer because winter follows autumn.
It is not possible that winter follows summer because winter does not follow directly after summer.
It is not possible that winter follows summer because summer is followed by fall.
It is not possible that all people suffer from bulemia because bulemia is not everyone's suffering
It is not possible that all people suffer from bulemia because bulimia can affect some people with poor body image.
It is not possible that all people suffer from bulemia because bulimia is a medical condition that only some people have
It is not possible that william drank a bottle of bear because humans are banned from eating bears.
It is not possible that william drank a bottle of bear because a bear cannot be drunk from a bottle.
It is not possible that william drank a bottle of bear because bears don't fit into bottles.
It is not possible that people use a pot for drinking water outdoor because bringing a pot outdoor is inconvenient
It is not possible that people use a pot for drinking water outdoor because people use .a glass
It is not possible that people use a pot for drinking water outdoor because a pot is too big to drink from.
It is not possible that winter is hotter than summer because winter temperatures are lower than summer
It is not possible that winter is hotter than summer because it is always cool in winter.
It is not possible that winter is hotter than summer because winter is a cooling season
It is not possible that the effect of lighting a fire is cold and light because lighting a fire dissipates the cold rather than creating it
It is not possible that the effect of lighting a fire is cold and light because fires produce heat.
It is not possible that the effect of lighting a fire is cold and light because fires provide light and warmth
It is not possible that a person wants to go to the zone because zone is an uncertain place.
It is not possible that a person wants to go to the zone because no one wants to go to a zone.
It is not possible that a person wants to go to the zone because the zone is not a real place
It is not possible that you would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy because we don't usually want to see family members dismay
It is not possible that you would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy because people there families because the want them happy
It is not possible that you would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy because feeding our family will not make them dismay.
It is not possible that my 5-year-old kid went on a travel alone because parents don't trust their children to travel alone.
It is not possible that my 5-year-old kid went on a travel alone because kids may not travel alone
It is not possible that my 5-year-old kid went on a travel alone because a 5-year-old should be supervised by an adult outside of the home.
It is not possible that when the weather is hot you wear more clothse because wearing more clothes on a hot day will only get hotter
It is not possible that when the weather is hot you wear more clothse because people wear less clothes when it is hot to escape the  heat
It is not possible that when the weather is hot you wear more clothse because more clothes make you hotter.
It is not possible that the ball is square because we don't call something square a ball.
It is not possible that the ball is square because a square ball cannot spin
It is not possible that the ball is square because the ball is not a square
It is not possible that the snow melts into stone because snow is not made of stone
It is not possible that the snow melts into stone because stone will not melt.
It is not possible that the snow melts into stone because snow is frozen water  and cannot become  stone.
It is not possible that today,the dinosaurs still live on the earth because the dinosaur has been extinct for many years
It is not possible that today,the dinosaurs still live on the earth because dinosaurs extinct on the earth
It is not possible that today,the dinosaurs still live on the earth because the dinosaurs were extinct long ago.
It is not possible that free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord because concord means peace and agreement.
It is not possible that free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord because a rock concord does not exist.
It is not possible that free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord because a concord is a kind of agreement.
It is not possible that residents on mars are not enthusiastic because no one lives on mars
It is not possible that residents on mars are not enthusiastic because mars hasn't any residents
It is not possible that residents on mars are not enthusiastic because mars has no residents.
It is not possible that ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day because it is easy to get wet to go out in a rainy day
It is not possible that ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day because ward and his dog will get drenched in the rain
It is not possible that ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day because people do not like to be out in the rain.
It is not possible that the inside of the refrigerator is hot because the effect of the refrigerator is refrigeration and preservation
It is not possible that the inside of the refrigerator is hot because food would spoil if a a refrigerator was hot.
It is not possible that the inside of the refrigerator is hot because refrigerators are used for cooling food.
It is not possible that you sit in a seat when at the move theater because theatre is unmovable.
It is not possible that you sit in a seat when at the move theater because a move theater is not a real place
It is not possible that you sit in a seat when at the move theater because moving is difficult while sitting.
It is not possible that you should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone because without a leash, it is hard to keep a fierce dog from people
It is not possible that you should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone because a fierce dog with no leash is a danger to people
It is not possible that you should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone because a fierce dog should have a leash put on it not taken off
It is not possible that sunday before saturday because the order of the weekend is after saturday is sunday
It is not possible that sunday before saturday because friday is before saturday
It is not possible that sunday before saturday because saturday is before sunday.
It is not possible that you can sleep in a bedpan because bedpan is a container used as a toilet.
It is not possible that you can sleep in a bedpan because a bedpan is not a place where someone can sleep.
It is not possible that you can sleep in a bedpan because a bedpan is too small to sleep in.
It is not possible that bowl is used to shelter from the rain because the bowl can only be used as a tool for eating
It is not possible that bowl is used to shelter from the rain because rain cannot used as a shelter.
It is not possible that bowl is used to shelter from the rain because a bowl will not shelter someone from the rain.
It is not possible that sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work because mistakes at work may cause serious result to sunny's company
It is not possible that sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work because making mistakes at work is bad thing to do.
It is not possible that sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work because mistakes never make excite feel
It is not possible that mouse is a digital recording medium because mouse is a input device
It is not possible that mouse is a digital recording medium because mice are animals
It is not possible that mouse is a digital recording medium because a computer mouse is not a tool for digital recording.
It is not possible that if some food tastes too spicy for daisy, she drinks hot water because hot water only makes people feel more spicy
It is not possible that if some food tastes too spicy for daisy, she drinks hot water because hot water isn't used to tolerate spicy foods.
It is not possible that if some food tastes too spicy for daisy, she drinks hot water because only cold water would cool hotness
It is not possible that we can't know a book if we don't read it because there are other ways to know a book like listening to storytelling.
It is not possible that we can't know a book if we don't read it because it is impossible to know the entirety of a book without actually reading it.
It is not possible that we can't know a book if we don't read it because people can hear about a book from others that they know.
It is not possible that people can play for energy because people play consume energy instead of getting energy
It is not possible that people can play for energy because energy is drained while playing.
It is not possible that people can play for energy because playing usually uses energy, but doesn't create it.
It is not possible that apples are made of stone because every substance in the known world is made of molecules
It is not possible that apples are made of stone because stones are not edible.
It is not possible that apples are made of stone because apples are not made of stone.
It is not possible that basketball is a game people play on ice because ice is too smooth for people to play basketball.
It is not possible that basketball is a game people play on ice because ice is not a surface for playing basketball.
It is not possible that basketball is a game people play on ice because basketball is played on a hard wood floor.
It is not possible that a cupcake is a large cake because cupcakes are generally smaller
It is not possible that a cupcake is a large cake because caks is not a cookie
It is not possible that a cupcake is a large cake because cupcakes are small not large
It is not possible that a stone can contains species of many plants and animals because stones are not as big as some plants and animals
It is not possible that a stone can contains species of many plants and animals because a stone is smaller than most plants and animals.
It is not possible that a stone can contains species of many plants and animals because a stone is not a living ecosystem.
It is not possible that all books are worth reading because the contents of some books are not suitable for us to read
It is not possible that all books are worth reading because some books are meaningless
It is not possible that all books are worth reading because people don't like all the same books
It is not possible that you are served steak at the coffee shop because no steaks are served in the coffee shop
It is not possible that you are served steak at the coffee shop because a coffee shop would only serve light treats and coffee.
It is not possible that you are served steak at the coffee shop because you are served coffee at the coffee shop
It is not possible that sun are visible at night because no sun at night
It is not possible that sun are visible at night because sun are not visible at night
It is not possible that sun are visible at night because the sun does not shine at night.
It is not possible that the birds each handed over a father because each animal has one couple of biological parents.
It is not possible that the birds each handed over a father because a father is not something that can be handed over.
It is not possible that the birds each handed over a father because birds doesn't know their father
It is not possible that the rabbit runs slower than the turtle because rabbits have more running advantages than turtles
It is not possible that the rabbit runs slower than the turtle because turtles are one of the dlowest lanf creatures
It is not possible that the rabbit runs slower than the turtle because a turtle is not faster than a rabbit.
It is not possible that lift your pen from the chopping block because pen can't use with choppiong block
It is not possible that lift your pen from the chopping block because you do not use a pen on a chopping block.
It is not possible that lift your pen from the chopping block because chopping block is not a paper
It is not possible that people drinks ink because ink does harm to people's health.
It is not possible that people drinks ink because ink is not safe to drink.
It is not possible that people drinks ink because ink is not edible.
It is not possible that united states is located in south america because there are no american territories in south america
It is not possible that united states is located in south america because the united states comprises north america along with canada
It is not possible that united states is located in south america because the continent north america is where the united states is.
It is not possible that you can find a dog in a hot dog because a hot dog has no dog.
It is not possible that you can find a dog in a hot dog because hot dogs are not made of actual dogs.
It is not possible that you can find a dog in a hot dog because there are never any dogs in a hot dog.
It is not possible that play is for replenishing energy sources because playing games consumes energy
It is not possible that play is for replenishing energy sources because pay exhausts energy sources built up.
It is not possible that play is for replenishing energy sources because playing is not an activity which renews one's energy.
It is not possible that the cup is for sleeping because people can't lie inside the cup
It is not possible that the cup is for sleeping because the cup is not for sleeping.
It is not possible that the cup is for sleeping because a cup is not used for sleeping.
It is not possible that something you find in the backseat of a car is a star because a star is outside the earth and much huger than the car.
It is not possible that something you find in the backseat of a car is a star because a star is in the sky.
It is not possible that something you find in the backseat of a car is a star because star is bigger than car
It is not possible that you would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal because pens are useless when you are cooking.
It is not possible that you would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal because you cannot use pens to prepare a meal as they are not edible.
It is not possible that you would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal because one would buy pens when writing a book or notes.
It is not possible that the boy likes swimming in an ocean because swimming in the ocean is too dangerous for the boy.
It is not possible that the boy likes swimming in an ocean because the ocean is too dangerous
It is not possible that the boy likes swimming in an ocean because ocean has more water than swimming pool
It is not possible that you are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo because there is no wine in the zoo
It is not possible that you are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo because wine cellar does not find in a zoo.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo because zoo is not place to find a wine cellar
It is not possible that you can make an ice-cream out of plastic because plastic is not eatable while ice-creams are
It is not possible that you can make an ice-cream out of plastic because plastic is not edible.
It is not possible that you can make an ice-cream out of plastic because ice cream is made out of milk
It is not possible that the british like watching house racing because house is stable.
It is not possible that the british like watching house racing because house is immovable
It is not possible that the british like watching house racing because house not participate in race because its unmovable
It is not possible that the bathroom is for eating because the bathroom is where people use to take a shower
It is not possible that the bathroom is for eating because the kitchen is meant for eating.
It is not possible that the bathroom is for eating because the bathroom is not for eating
It is not possible that the buddha is the leader of the catholic religion because buddha is the leader of buddhism and not catholic
It is not possible that the buddha is the leader of the catholic religion because a buddha is related the the beliefs of buddhism.
It is not possible that the buddha is the leader of the catholic religion because the leader of the catholic religion is the pope.
It is not possible that plants are green from water because chlorophyll is the thing makes plants are green
It is not possible that plants are green from water because water dors not give the green colouring to the plant.
It is not possible that plants are green from water because plants are green due to chlorophyll
It is not possible that a baby took the bus alone because no baby is able to take a bus alone.
It is not possible that a baby took the bus alone because babies would get lost alone on the bus.
It is not possible that a baby took the bus alone because a baby cannot take a bus alone.
It is not possible that animals and plants have no relationship because animals and plants have predation relationship.
It is not possible that animals and plants have no relationship because plants and animals do have relationships but they are different
It is not possible that animals and plants have no relationship because some types of animals and plants depend on one another to live.
It is not possible that you take the phone cell because people can't communicate with each other through cells.
It is not possible that you take the phone cell because phone and cell meant same thing
It is not possible that you take the phone cell because phones are not alive, they don't have cells.
It is not possible that if you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings because earrings which are only decoration are not necessary for going outside.
It is not possible that if you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings because earrings no need to wear to go to a restaurant
It is not possible that if you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings because earrings is not for restaurant
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a pond because dolphin can't live in a pond.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a pond because ponds are too small for dolphins.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a pond because dolphins do not live in ponds
It is not possible that you must go to beijing if you want to visit the great wall because there are other cities where you can visit the great wall.
It is not possible that you must go to beijing if you want to visit the great wall because beijing doesn't has great wall
It is not possible that you must go to beijing if you want to visit the great wall because beijing is not the location of the great wall.
It is not possible that if you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie because tie is unnecessary when visiting museums.
It is not possible that if you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie because ties are not required in museums.
It is not possible that if you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie because tie is not visit for museum
It is not possible that something you find at hospital is blackboards because there is no much need for hospitals to install blackboards
It is not possible that something you find at hospital is blackboards because hospitals have beds.
It is not possible that something you find at hospital is blackboards because you would'nt find blackboards at the hospital because they are for schools.
It is not possible that horses are kept in washrooms because washrooms are used by people
It is not possible that horses are kept in washrooms because horses are too big to stay in washrooms.
It is not possible that horses are kept in washrooms because washrooms is not a place to keep the horses.
It is not possible that beethoven is a physicist because beethoven does not study physics but is good at music
It is not possible that beethoven is a physicist because beethoven played music
It is not possible that beethoven is a physicist because beethoven learned to play instruments.
It is not possible that a baby is a old person because a baby is a person who first come to the world and is not a old one
It is not possible that a baby is a old person because baby means a very child
It is not possible that a baby is a old person because a baby is a person that was just born recently.
It is not possible that you may see a owls during the day because owls only prey at night
It is not possible that you may see a owls during the day because owls are seen only at night
It is not possible that you may see a owls during the day because owls are nocternal.
It is not possible that jeff bought a star because no one can get stars and buy them now.
It is not possible that jeff bought a star because jeff could not buy a star
It is not possible that jeff bought a star because stars are located in space and cannot be purchased by individuals
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on because you are finished watching the television
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on because if television is off its never shows anything
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on because in order to watch the news you need to turn the television on
It is not possible that she turned to the hair and said to it because hair is on our heads so we can't turn to it.
It is not possible that she turned to the hair and said to it because hair is on our head
It is not possible that she turned to the hair and said to it because you should not talk to hair.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bear in a child's room because it is impossible to live with a bear in a human family
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bear in a child's room because bears are not in houses
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bear in a child's room because bears are dangerous
It is not possible that going on a vacation is for becoming stressed because people feel relaxed during a vacation, not stressed.
It is not possible that going on a vacation is for becoming stressed because the senve holidays to get out of the stress
It is not possible that going on a vacation is for becoming stressed because going on a vacation is usually fun and not stressful.
It is not possible that lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain because lotion cannot protect one from rain
It is not possible that lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain because lotion will not keep lily from getting wet in the rain.
It is not possible that lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain because lotion does not prevent a person from getting rained on; rather, lotion helps with dry skin.
It is not possible that you may find a intestine in the spinal cord because the intestine is not in the spinal cord
It is not possible that you may find a intestine in the spinal cord because the intestine is an organ in the abdomen.
It is not possible that you may find a intestine in the spinal cord because spinal cord does not have an intestine to find
It is not possible that my company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time because playing music by loudspeakers during work time is disturbing
It is not possible that my company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time because loudspeakers would distract other workers.
It is not possible that my company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time because loudspeakers make a disturbance to other employees
It is not possible that you walk by using your shoes because shoes just use for protect feet
It is not possible that you walk by using your shoes because you walk by using your legs
It is not possible that you walk by using your shoes because you walk by using your feet and legs
It is not possible that the computer is smaller than the mobile phone because the size of the phone is far from the size of the computer
It is not possible that the computer is smaller than the mobile phone because the computer is not smaller than mobile phone
It is not possible that the computer is smaller than the mobile phone because mobile phone is not so big as computer
It is not possible that people use pans for writing because pans are used for cooking.
It is not possible that people use pans for writing because pans are not used to write.
It is not possible that people use pans for writing because pans are used only for cooking
It is not possible that john often play basketball with skates because no one can play basketball with skates.
It is not possible that john often play basketball with skates because skates are not used on a basketball court.
It is not possible that john often play basketball with skates because skate is not used for playing basketball
It is not possible that you are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox because strongbox usually hold important items instead of pants
It is not possible that you are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox because strong box is not closet
It is not possible that you are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox because a pair of pants is not valuable enough to be kept in a strong box.
It is not possible that pepper is very sweet because the taste of pepper in the taste is spicy
It is not possible that pepper is very sweet because pepper does not have much sugar
It is not possible that pepper is very sweet because pepper have a burning flavor.
It is not possible that you may find some stones in the chicken coop because chicken does not produce stones
It is not possible that you may find some stones in the chicken coop because stones would hurt the chickens' feet.
It is not possible that you may find some stones in the chicken coop because chickens lay eggs while in their coop.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a small crocodile in a park because crocodiles cannot appear in the park
It is not possible that you are likely to find a small crocodile in a park because crocodile is not a dog to find
It is not possible that you are likely to find a small crocodile in a park because small crocodile are not found in a park.
It is not possible that tigers have kittens because the tigers gave birth to tigers instead of cats
It is not possible that tigers have kittens because only cats can have kittens
It is not possible that tigers have kittens because tigers have cubs.
It is not possible that the student paints so well that he wants to become a musician because people always want to be artists, not musicians, when they are pleased with their painting.
It is not possible that the student paints so well that he wants to become a musician because the talent for painting is not the same talent as playing an instrument.
It is not possible that the student paints so well that he wants to become a musician because musicians do not use paint.
It is not possible that everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight because people can't see stones clearly at night.
It is not possible that everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight because everybody stayed up late to see the meteor shower.
It is not possible that everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight because the night sky contains stars and not stones.
It is not possible that a branch helps support an arch because the branches do not play an important role in supporting the arches
It is not possible that a branch helps support an arch because an arch is the strongest part of the bridge in terms of support.
It is not possible that a branch helps support an arch because tree has a branch
It is not possible that a garden hose is used for drinking because water from garden hose is not clean
It is not possible that a garden hose is used for drinking because a garden hose usually puts out water too quickly to make it easy to drink from.
It is not possible that a garden hose is used for drinking because drinking does not require garden hose.
It is not possible that the real chinese food is dumpings because dumpings don't belong to chinese food.
It is not possible that the real chinese food is dumpings because dumpings is not a type of food.
It is not possible that the real chinese food is dumpings because dumpings is not a form of chinese food.
It is not possible that it is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain because the temperature reduces with hight rising
It is not possible that it is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain because the higher up a mountain you go, the colder it gets.
It is not possible that it is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain because it is colder, the higher the altitude that it is.
It is not possible that summer is cold because high temperature in summer
It is not possible that summer is cold because summer is when the temperatures rise and people sweat.
It is not possible that summer is cold because summer is not a cold season.
It is not possible that you can make wine with an oven because wine is made in a barrel
It is not possible that you can make wine with an oven because wine is not cooking thing
It is not possible that you can make wine with an oven because wine is never put in the oven.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bald eagle in the water because bald eagle can't live in the water
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bald eagle in the water because bald eagles do not swim, they fly.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bald eagle in the water because bald eagles are not found in the water, they are found in the sky.
It is not possible that mom washed the fruits with paint because paint is for coat things with color
It is not possible that mom washed the fruits with paint because paint would make the fruit inedible.
It is not possible that mom washed the fruits with paint because the car rolls down the road
It is not possible that pens contain the inn because inn is a place to live.
It is not possible that pens contain the inn because pens do not contain larger objects
It is not possible that pens contain the inn because pens are for writing
It is not possible that wear a tie when riding a motorcycle because a tie can not be used as protection when riding a motorcycle
It is not possible that wear a tie when riding a motorcycle because a tie does not save a rider
It is not possible that wear a tie when riding a motorcycle because riding a motorcycle is not a formal event.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside because there will be no state highways between the countryside
It is not possible that you are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside because state highways is not around the countryside
It is not possible that you are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside because highway cannot found in the countryside.
It is not possible that i want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin because close can't be bought.
It is not possible that i want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin because open a door not close a cousin.
It is not possible that i want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin because new close is doesn't meaningful
It is not possible that jon's friends all hate him because people who hate each other aren't friends.
It is not possible that jon's friends all hate him because friends always like to another friends
It is not possible that jon's friends all hate him because friends do not hate each other.
It is not possible that if tiny spores land in a good sport, they grow because sport is not a place to land.
It is not possible that if tiny spores land in a good sport, they grow because tiny spores that land in a sport would not grow.
It is not possible that if tiny spores land in a good sport, they grow because sport does not have tiny spores to grow.
It is not possible that a dog can be found on a roof because dogs can't go to the roof
It is not possible that a dog can be found on a roof because dog can not climb
It is not possible that a dog can be found on a roof because dogs do not hang out on roofs.
It is not possible that the monkey is drinking wine because monkey can't drink wine.
It is not possible that the monkey is drinking wine because a monkey does not drink alcohol.
It is not possible that the monkey is drinking wine because monkeys don't drink wine so this statement does not make sense.
It is not possible that a harmonica is for joining a state because just a harmonica couldn't help joining a state
It is not possible that a harmonica is for joining a state because band is not a state
It is not possible that a harmonica is for joining a state because a harmonica is just a musical instrument.
It is not possible that the chicken laid an stone because a chicken is a kind of bird
It is not possible that the chicken laid an stone because stones are from the earth.
It is not possible that the chicken laid an stone because stone is not a living thing to laid
It is not possible that people hug with their legs because it's difficult and umnecoming for people to hug with legs.
It is not possible that people hug with their legs because people hug with their arms not legs
It is not possible that people hug with their legs because people wrap their arms around another person when they hug them.
It is not possible that baby gets nutrition by drinking water because babies can't get the nutrients they need through water
It is not possible that baby gets nutrition by drinking water because milk has more nutritional value than water for babies
It is not possible that baby gets nutrition by drinking water because water is a plain liquid
It is not possible that there was always something to look for in the wet green moods because moods are difficult to get through.
It is not possible that there was always something to look for in the wet green moods because it's not possible to look for someone in the moods.
It is not possible that there was always something to look for in the wet green moods because a wet green mood is a concept and not a place.
It is not possible that after babies are born they breath amniotic fluid because amniotic fluid only exists in the mother's body
It is not possible that after babies are born they breath amniotic fluid because fluids cannot be breathed after birth.
It is not possible that after babies are born they breath amniotic fluid because babies cannot breathe amniotic fluid outside of the womb.
It is not possible that going to market is for buying stars because no one can get stars and buy them now.
It is not possible that going to market is for buying stars because stars are not buying thing
It is not possible that going to market is for buying stars because no stars are sold at a market.
It is not possible that i wash my face with a toothbrush because people wash face with towel, not toothbrush.
It is not possible that i wash my face with a toothbrush because toothbrush is used to to brush the teeth only
It is not possible that i wash my face with a toothbrush because a toothbrush is meant to be used on your teeth.
It is not possible that sue had a panda because panda is not belong to any single one
It is not possible that sue had a panda because a human being can't birth a panda nor be out with a panda.
It is not possible that sue had a panda because pandas are endangered animals and not domesticated.
It is not possible that shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job because dancing does't help his  programming job.
It is not possible that shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job because dancing is not necessary for programming.
It is not possible that shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job because programming is working with numbers, not dancing.
It is not possible that our fellow trees shall live another husband years because husband is a man that a woman is married.
It is not possible that our fellow trees shall live another husband years because there is no such thing as husband years.
It is not possible that our fellow trees shall live another husband years because you can't marry a tree, and a husband isn't a length of time.
It is not possible that jack shot down a plane because a plane is too big and high to shoot down.
It is not possible that jack shot down a plane because a person cannot shoot down a plane.
It is not possible that jack shot down a plane because jack is too small to shoot down a plane
It is not possible that you can sing in a library because singing is usually prohibited in a library
It is not possible that you can sing in a library because you need to be quiet in a library.
It is not possible that you can sing in a library because students are not allowed to sing in library they just read, write and learn.
It is not possible that college students are younger than high school students because people can go to college after graduating from high school
It is not possible that college students are younger than high school students because college students are  not older than school students
It is not possible that college students are younger than high school students because high school students are teenagers between 15 and 18 years old
It is not possible that sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt because watching tv didn't have a direct effect on the hands
It is not possible that sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt because hands never watch tv show
It is not possible that sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt because sighted people do not watch tv with their hands.
It is not possible that an activity some colours can do is make love because colours can not do activity.
It is not possible that an activity some colours can do is make love because colours is a nonliving thing
It is not possible that an activity some colours can do is make love because human beings make love.
It is not possible that you are likely to find two mouth in a head because there is only one mouth in people's head.
It is not possible that you are likely to find two mouth in a head because heads only have one mouth.
It is not possible that you are likely to find two mouth in a head because two mouth is impossible in a head
It is not possible that the light bulb is bigger than a basketball because the size of the bulb is not as big as a basketball
It is not possible that the light bulb is bigger than a basketball because light bulbs are small and basketballs are big.
It is not possible that the light bulb is bigger than a basketball because it would not fit most major appliances.
It is not possible that a monkey is a stagehand because monkeys couldn't work as stagehands
It is not possible that a monkey is a stagehand because a monkey is too dumb to be a stagehand.
It is not possible that a monkey is a stagehand because monkeys lack the patience for a hard day's work in technical theater.
It is not possible that when you are hot, you tremble because trembling will make you feel warmer, not cooler.
It is not possible that when you are hot, you tremble because trembling makes you warm up
It is not possible that when you are hot, you tremble because sweating is the bodies natural reaction to heat.
It is not possible that oscar got a flat emotion because the emotion never be flat
It is not possible that oscar got a flat emotion because an emotion is not an object to be flat.
It is not possible that oscar got a flat emotion because tire is not a emotion
It is not possible that some mushrooms can make you stick because mushrooms are soft and can't stick humans.
It is not possible that some mushrooms can make you stick because mushrooms don't make people stick to things.
It is not possible that some mushrooms can make you stick because stick is not a condition
It is not possible that i parked my car in the river because car can't be parked in the water.
It is not possible that i parked my car in the river because people do not park their cars in the river; people park cars on the road
It is not possible that i parked my car in the river because river is not a parking place
It is not possible that cat is a herbivore because cat can eat mice
It is not possible that cat is a herbivore because cats eat meat.
It is not possible that cat is a herbivore because cat cannot eat plants
It is not possible that i put my notes on the stone because the stone is too hard to put notes.
It is not possible that i put my notes on the stone because stone is not a book
It is not possible that i put my notes on the stone because you can not write notes on stone.
It is not possible that whales are fish because a whale is not a fish, but a mammal.
It is not possible that whales are fish because whales are not fish
It is not possible that whales are fish because fish does not have whales.
It is not possible that jenny travelled to heaven during the national day holiday because heaven is an imaginary place
It is not possible that jenny travelled to heaven during the national day holiday because heaven is not a place in this world so people cannot travel there.
It is not possible that jenny travelled to heaven during the national day holiday because a living person cannot physically travel to heaven.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in the farm because sharks don't live in a farm.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in the farm because you are likely to find a shark in the ocean
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in the farm because sharks live in the ocean.
It is not possible that my dog loves reading books because dogs can't reading.
It is not possible that my dog loves reading books because dogs cannot read in english.
It is not possible that my dog loves reading books because reading is a skill that requires higher intellectual functioning associated with humans.
It is not possible that studying for breathing requires time and effort because breathing is a innate ability
It is not possible that studying for breathing requires time and effort because studying is not necessary for breathing.
It is not possible that studying for breathing requires time and effort because breathing is an automatic response and does not require studying.
It is not possible that a bus has two wheels because a bus has 4 wheels at least.
It is not possible that a bus has two wheels because buses have at least four wheels
It is not possible that a bus has two wheels because the bus has four wheels
It is not possible that the earth circles around the moon because the moon circles around the earth.
It is not possible that the earth circles around the moon because the earth circles around the sun.
It is not possible that the earth circles around the moon because the moon circles around the earth.
It is not possible that air can power cars because car can't run with air.
It is not possible that air can power cars because cars require a combustible fuel and air is not combustible.
It is not possible that air can power cars because cars need gas to run
It is not possible that a chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering because chopsticks are tableware rather than learning utensils
It is not possible that a chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering because chopsticks are used for eating.
It is not possible that a chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering because chopsticks are used for eating
It is not possible that we wear t-shirts in winter because it's very hot in summer
It is not possible that we wear t-shirts in winter because a tee shirt is not winter clothing.
It is not possible that we wear t-shirts in winter because winter weather is to cold for the warmth that t-shirts provide.
It is not possible that an ambulance takes  sick people to the police office because the police office can't cure the sick people.
It is not possible that an ambulance takes  sick people to the police office because ambulance always takes people to the hospital
It is not possible that an ambulance takes  sick people to the police office because an ambulance is used during an emergency.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk because a gun is banned to be taken into school.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk because you are never likely to find a gun in a school
It is not possible that you are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk because guns are not allowed in school
It is not possible that james held a great funeral for his first marriage because a funeral is for a dead person instead of people getting married
It is not possible that james held a great funeral for his first marriage because wedding is not a funeral
It is not possible that james held a great funeral for his first marriage because you get married during a wedding, not a funeral
It is not possible that teachers must do homework because no teacher need to do homework.
It is not possible that teachers must do homework because teachers assign homework
It is not possible that teachers must do homework because thave have to assign it not actually do it.
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a movie is flying because people can't fly by themselves.
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a movie is flying because human's can't fly
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a movie is flying because movie is for watching not for flying and eating
It is not possible that new york is a country because new york belongs to the united states and not a country
It is not possible that new york is a country because new york is a state in the country of the united states.
It is not possible that new york is a country because new york is not a country.
It is not possible that aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard because no one will keep his toothbrush in a backyeard.
It is not possible that aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard because it's not possible to pack personal items in a backyard.
It is not possible that aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard because backyard is a place where aciel cannot carry clothes and toothbrush.
It is not possible that they black our warm and comforting sun because the sun is not black.
It is not possible that they black our warm and comforting sun because you can not black the sun.
It is not possible that they black our warm and comforting sun because black is a noun and cannot be used as a verb.
It is not possible that melatonin would make you want to socialize because melatonin would make you want to sleep
It is not possible that melatonin would make you want to socialize because melatonin makes you sleepy
It is not possible that melatonin would make you want to socialize because melatonin is not a drug that creates sociability in people.
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because nightingale have less features of elephant
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because an elephant and a nightingale are two different species.
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because an elephant isn't a bird
It is not possible that goldfish are mammals because a goldfish are not a mammal, but a fish.
It is not possible that goldfish are mammals because goldfish are not mammals.
It is not possible that goldfish are mammals because goldfish are not a mammals
It is not possible that tomatoes fall from the tree because tomatoes grow in the land, no a tree.
It is not possible that tomatoes fall from the tree because tomatoes grow on vines.
It is not possible that tomatoes fall from the tree because tomatoes grow in a bush
It is not possible that if you want to awake then you should stay awake because nobdy can always stay awake unless have rich sleeping time
It is not possible that if you want to awake then you should stay awake because you cannot wake up if you are already awake.
It is not possible that if you want to awake then you should stay awake because when you should go to sleep then i would awake
It is not possible that he stays sleepy while driving a cat at night because it's unsafe and disobey the law against tired driving.
It is not possible that he stays sleepy while driving a cat at night because people do not drive cats.
It is not possible that he stays sleepy while driving a cat at night because it is best to stay awake while driving a car at night.
It is not possible that a cat swept the floor because cats aren't able to sweep the floor.
It is not possible that a cat swept the floor because cats do not care about sweeping
It is not possible that a cat swept the floor because the broom was used to sweep a floor.
It is not possible that you can use a gas station to buy food for your family because gas station sells gas not food
It is not possible that you can use a gas station to buy food for your family because gas stations generally sell gas, not food.
It is not possible that you can use a gas station to buy food for your family because a gas station is a bad place to buy food for your family
It is not possible that you can touch the wind because wind is invisible and untouchable.
It is not possible that you can touch the wind because the wind is untouchable.
It is not possible that you can touch the wind because the wind does not have form therefore you feel the wind but do not touch it.
It is not possible that a tree is used for people to live in because a tree is not a type of building
It is not possible that a tree is used for people to live in because people live inside of houses.
It is not possible that a tree is used for people to live in because a tree can be used for birds to live in
It is not possible that the big tree is used to keep out the rain because it's not safe to stand under a tree in the rain.
It is not possible that the big tree is used to keep out the rain because a big tree cannot be used to keep out the rain.
It is not possible that the big tree is used to keep out the rain because a tree has gaps between branches and so cannot keep out the rain
It is not possible that taking a shower is for getting yourself full because taking a shower will achieve consumption of energy
It is not possible that taking a shower is for getting yourself full because you can not get full in the shower
It is not possible that taking a shower is for getting yourself full because taking a shower does not fill one's stomach.
It is not possible that something you find at the doctor is microscope because microscope is not a tool for doctors to see a doctor
It is not possible that something you find at the doctor is microscope because microscopes are in laboratories.
It is not possible that something you find at the doctor is microscope because doctors don't use microscopes, only lab technicians.
It is not possible that a watch has a head because there isn't a watch with head.
It is not possible that a watch has a head because head is not necessary for a watch.
It is not possible that a watch has a head because a watch has a face, not a head.
It is not possible that the effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight because losing your fight may destroy yourselves.
It is not possible that the effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight because losing a fight would make your enemy happy
It is not possible that the effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight because after destruction of an enemy one gains strength, so he cannot lose.
It is not possible that employers can demand to be paid because employers should pay people they hire
It is not possible that employers can demand to be paid because employers pay employees, they do not get paid
It is not possible that employers can demand to be paid because employers is impossible to make a demand
It is not possible that when you go out, you must wear your necklace because a necklace isn't necessary for you outside.
It is not possible that when you go out, you must wear your necklace because necklace not important to wear outside
It is not possible that when you go out, you must wear your necklace because necklace is not need to wear to go out
It is not possible that things that are often found together are: tennis, bicycle rider because tennis and cycling are two generally different sports
It is not possible that things that are often found together are: tennis, bicycle rider because tennis is not a bicycle rider
It is not possible that things that are often found together are: tennis, bicycle rider because you can't play tennis while riding a bicycle
It is not possible that clerks work with their guns because clerks don't have the right to carry guns.
It is not possible that clerks work with their guns because guns are not something clerks use in their jobs.
It is not possible that clerks work with their guns because guns are not provided to clerks.
It is not possible that most kids  in america have purchased one or more cars because most  kids in america can not afford one or more cars.
It is not possible that most kids  in america have purchased one or more cars because kids can not purchase cars
It is not possible that most kids  in america have purchased one or more cars because kids don't drive and they don't have enough money for cars.
It is not possible that the effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind because dirty is not usually associated with a refined mind
It is not possible that the effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind because seeing dirt irritates people and does not refine them.
It is not possible that the effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind because a person's mind is not usually refined by seeing something dirty.
It is not possible that the color of the banana is red because banana has a yellow peel
It is not possible that the color of the banana is red because all babanas are yellow
It is not possible that the color of the banana is red because banana's can range from green when unripe to black when rotten but they are never red.
It is not possible that an air-conditioning can deal with numbers because air-conditioning copes with temperature, not numbers.
It is not possible that an air-conditioning can deal with numbers because an air conditioning does not understand numbers.
It is not possible that an air-conditioning can deal with numbers because air conditioners do not compute numbers
It is not possible that i bought a ring with stones because you can't buy anything with stones.
It is not possible that i bought a ring with stones because stones are often used in buildings.
It is not possible that i bought a ring with stones because stones are not a form of currency.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room because chicken can't hold tables and chairs.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room because chickens are living animals and do not have tables or chairs in them.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room because a table and chairs are both larger than a chicken.
It is not possible that the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it because the plane would make a louder noice outside
It is not possible that the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it because `we can't hear a noice outside the plane when we stay inside of it
It is not possible that the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it because you can't hear noise on the outside of a plane if you are inside.
It is not possible that the monkey ate some stone because monkeys can't eat stones
It is not possible that the monkey ate some stone because stones are not food
It is not possible that the monkey ate some stone because the monkey doesn't ate stone
It is not possible that the milk flowed from the tap because the tap won't run milk in most cases
It is not possible that the milk flowed from the tap because milk comes in containers, usually plastic or glass.
It is not possible that the milk flowed from the tap because the water flowed from the tap
It is not possible that you and your opponents will finish the job together because it's wrong because you and your opponent are in a competitive relationship,
It is not possible that you and your opponents will finish the job together because you and your opponents are enemies and cannot work together
It is not possible that you and your opponents will finish the job together because opponents are people that work against you.
It is not possible that a journey is good reading material for updating one's knowledge because in a journey you are sightseeing.
It is not possible that a journey is good reading material for updating one's knowledge because news is good reading material to find out about current affairs.
It is not possible that a journey is good reading material for updating one's knowledge because a journey is not reading material.
It is not possible that a baby can earn a lot of money because baby does not have the ability to make money
It is not possible that a baby can earn a lot of money because baby couldn't go to any job
It is not possible that a baby can earn a lot of money because baby is impossible to earn
It is not possible that a dumb man can sing because dumb people even can't say anything.
It is not possible that a dumb man can sing because dumb means a person cannot speak or sing.
It is not possible that a dumb man can sing because dumb man cannot sing
It is not possible that jeff stole a bar because the bar is a building and cannot be stolen.
It is not possible that jeff stole a bar because a bar could refer to any number of things of varying sizes such as a building, which couldn't be stolen.
It is not possible that jeff stole a bar because it would be really hard to do.
It is not possible that a school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling because a school bag is used for storing books and stationery for schooling.
It is not possible that a school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling because a school bag  cannot hold enough clothes for travelling.
It is not possible that a school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling because we cannot use school bag to store clothes for travelling.
It is not possible that something you find at an opera is a criminal because criminal should be in prison
It is not possible that something you find at an opera is a criminal because a criminal is not expected to be found at the opera.
It is not possible that something you find at an opera is a criminal because an opera is a place for entertainment and not crime.
It is not possible that a pap test is a geology test because geology does not include the pap test
It is not possible that a pap test is a geology test because medical treatment need pap test
It is not possible that a pap test is a geology test because pap tests are medical
It is not possible that many felt hot in the storm because the temperature in the storm will inrease
It is not possible that many felt hot in the storm because storms have lots of water which can be too cold for people.
It is not possible that many felt hot in the storm because storms can be dangerous
It is not possible that hackers maintain network security because hacking is a cybercrime activity
It is not possible that hackers maintain network security because network security defends against hackers.
It is not possible that hackers maintain network security because hackers do not protect the network because they are always stealing information
It is not possible that the effect of speaking is getting exercise because exercise can't be achieved through speaking
It is not possible that the effect of speaking is getting exercise because speaking isn't a physical exercise.
It is not possible that the effect of speaking is getting exercise because exercise does not give the effect of speaking.
It is not possible that if you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the tv because tv is not going outside to spend the night to prepare things
It is not possible that if you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the tv because tv does not shows the time for an evening
It is not possible that if you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the tv because the tv will not tell you if you can go outside or not.
It is not possible that i played with a dinosaur because dinosaurs died out a long time ago.
It is not possible that i played with a dinosaur because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that i played with a dinosaur because dinosaur will not play.
It is not possible that the butterfly flies in the sky because the sky is too high for a butterfly to fly.
It is not possible that the butterfly flies in the sky because a butterfly cannot fly to great heights.
It is not possible that the butterfly flies in the sky because the eagle flies in the sky.
It is not possible that you knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it because rain is from the sky rather than humans.
It is not possible that you knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it because its not reasoning for fight
It is not possible that you knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it because the word rain is incorrectly used
It is not possible that you are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet because the eraser does not belong to the inside of the linen closet
It is not possible that you are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet because an eraser would be in a desk, not a linen closet.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet because eraser wold be found on a study table.
It is not possible that baseball happens around a football field because a football field is for playing football.
It is not possible that baseball happens around a football field because only football is played in a football field.
It is not possible that baseball happens around a football field because baseball is not played on a football field.
It is not possible that stone provide food for many animals because stones cannot be supplied to animals as food
It is not possible that stone provide food for many animals because stones do not provide nutrition
It is not possible that stone provide food for many animals because stones are not food
It is not possible that the food of cow is stone because if the cow eats stone, it will not digest
It is not possible that the food of cow is stone because cows are not able to digest stones.
It is not possible that the food of cow is stone because stone can not be eaten
It is not possible that people get sad about a payment rise because a payment rise usually means a more decent life
It is not possible that people get sad about a payment rise because people get happy about having more money to spend.
It is not possible that people get sad about a payment rise because people like earning more money
It is not possible that alumina is found in water because alumina does not form in water
It is not possible that alumina is found in water because bauxite has a alumina
It is not possible that alumina is found in water because water does not contain any compounds
It is not possible that the mosquito wagged his tail because mosquito has no tail
It is not possible that the mosquito wagged his tail because mosquito doesn't has tail
It is not possible that the mosquito wagged his tail because a mosquito does not have a tail
It is not possible that a box can contain a box bigger than it because small box can't contain big box
It is not possible that a box can contain a box bigger than it because a box cannot contain something bigger than itself.
It is not possible that a box can contain a box bigger than it because boxes can only contain smaller boxes
It is not possible that cats can photosynthesize in sunlight because plants have chloroplasts that cats don't
It is not possible that cats can photosynthesize in sunlight because only plants can photosynthesize
It is not possible that cats can photosynthesize in sunlight because cats are not a plant.
It is not possible that pig can climb the tree because pigs don't have the ability to climb trees
It is not possible that pig can climb the tree because pigs don't have tree climbing ability.
It is not possible that pig can climb the tree because pig can't climb anything
It is not possible that he walked an elephant on the street last night because no one can walk an elephant on the street in reality
It is not possible that he walked an elephant on the street last night because elephants are not allowed on streets
It is not possible that he walked an elephant on the street last night because elephants would block the cars.
It is not possible that eyes can be used to feeling because the eye isn't a sensory organ.
It is not possible that eyes can be used to feeling because eyes have few nerves.
It is not possible that eyes can be used to feeling because eyes are in your head and cannot touch things.
It is not possible that something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed because clothing store does not provide repair service
It is not possible that something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed because clothes at a shop are not damaged
It is not possible that something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed because a clothing shop is not a location for repair service.
It is not possible that ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old because playing the violin for a long time does not mean ben can play the piano
It is not possible that ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old because ben does not play the piano.
It is not possible that ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old because ben would only be able to teach the violin properly.
It is not possible that the noon sky is full of stars because stars can be only seen in cloudless dark night
It is not possible that the noon sky is full of stars because stars only come out at night time
It is not possible that the noon sky is full of stars because the noon sky would only have the sun out.
It is not possible that ms potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks because a cabinet in one's office is not for personal stuff
It is not possible that ms potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks because documents is not a socks
It is not possible that ms potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks because socks are not office material.
It is not possible that a blow dryer is for weting clothes because a blow dryer cannot produce water
It is not possible that a blow dryer is for weting clothes because hair dryer can not clean clothes.
It is not possible that a blow dryer is for weting clothes because a blow dryer is not for wetting clothes.
It is not possible that mary bought a book at a flower store because flower stores sell flowers instead of books
It is not possible that mary bought a book at a flower store because jack ate soup from a paper-bag.
It is not possible that mary bought a book at a flower store because books are purchased at bookstores.
It is not possible that dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash because ice can't splash without melting.
It is not possible that dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash because ice is solid, not liquid
It is not possible that dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash because ice does not alter when it is dripped on by water.
It is not possible that china's territory is smaller than japan's because china has more territory than japan
It is not possible that china's territory is smaller than japan's because japan is a lot smaller than china in area.
It is not possible that china's territory is smaller than japan's because china's territory is not larger than japan's
It is not possible that you can see the air because air exists around us but we can't see it.
It is not possible that you can see the air because air is invisible
It is not possible that you can see the air because air is almost always invisible.
It is not possible that the increase in retirement pay makes old people sad because person usually want the state to increase benefits
It is not possible that the increase in retirement pay makes old people sad because increase in retirement pay means more money for old people
It is not possible that the increase in retirement pay makes old people sad because more money makes people more happy generally.
It is not possible that the moon is the planet of venus because the moon revolves around the earth
It is not possible that the moon is the planet of venus because the moon is just part of planet earth
It is not possible that the moon is the planet of venus because venus is a planet
It is not possible that the lake was on fire yesterday because the lake can't catch fire because of the water.
It is not possible that the lake was on fire yesterday because fire does not burn on a lake
It is not possible that the lake was on fire yesterday because water is not flammable.
It is not possible that you can find many very tall buildings in a village because there aren't many tall building in a village.
It is not possible that you can find many very tall buildings in a village because villages generally do not contain tall buildings.
It is not possible that you can find many very tall buildings in a village because villages do not have extensive architecture development.
It is not possible that fred played monkey on the ice because playing monkey will hurt them.
It is not possible that fred played monkey on the ice because monkey is not a thing to play
It is not possible that fred played monkey on the ice because i don't think monkeys live on the ice and it's hard to touch them let alone play with them
It is not possible that tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket because the supermarket does not provide hair cutting services
It is not possible that tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket because you buy food at a supermarket, it's not a hairdresser, tom!
It is not possible that tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket because food at supermarket
It is not possible that john changed his mend because mend is needless to change.
It is not possible that john changed his mend because you mend something that is broken.
It is not possible that john changed his mend because mending is a process of repairing damaged clothing.
It is not possible that we have dinner at noon because dinner is usually eaten in the evening
It is not possible that we have dinner at noon because dinner is in the evening, not at noon
It is not possible that we have dinner at noon because night food called as dinner
It is not possible that you would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family because there are no stamps in the news newspapers
It is not possible that you would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family because you would read the newspaper because you want to gather information
It is not possible that you would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family because someone reads the newspaper to gather information, a stamp is not necessarily associated with a newspaper.
It is not possible that remembering something requires wealth because money can't be purchased to remember
It is not possible that remembering something requires wealth because you cannot buy memory.
It is not possible that remembering something requires wealth because money does not have the ability to effect memory.
It is not possible that you are likely to find plane in room because the room cannot accommodate the plane
It is not possible that you are likely to find plane in room because a room cannot accommodate a plane.
It is not possible that you are likely to find plane in room because planes are too large to fit in a standard room.
It is not possible that i want to watch tv, so i turn on my mp3 because you can't watch tv on the mp3.
It is not possible that i want to watch tv, so i turn on my mp3 because an mp3 is not tv.
It is not possible that i want to watch tv, so i turn on my mp3 because mp3 contain songs only
It is not possible that something you might do while cleaning is break windows because breaking windows is vandalism, not cleanliness
It is not possible that something you might do while cleaning is break windows because breaking windows is costly
It is not possible that something you might do while cleaning is break windows because break windows doesn't need to wash
It is not possible that soil can be used for make clocks because the soil is not the material of the clock
It is not possible that soil can be used for make clocks because clocks can't run on dirt.
It is not possible that soil can be used for make clocks because soil is not known to be made of things that have obvious uses for clock production.
It is not possible that you can drink some wine while driving because it's illegal and unsafe to drink wine while driving.
It is not possible that you can drink some wine while driving because you cannot drink alcoholic beverages while driving.
It is not possible that you can drink some wine while driving because you can not drink and drive
It is not possible that wedding party can happen once every year because many people have only one wedding party in their lifetime.
It is not possible that wedding party can happen once every year because weddings happen only once in a life time.
It is not possible that wedding party can happen once every year because wedding party is not a birthday party
It is not possible that people love horrible things because horrible things cast a psychological shadow
It is not possible that people love horrible things because horrible is not beautiful
It is not possible that people love horrible things because horrible things are not ordinarily loved by the average person
It is not possible that snow fell from the ocean because ocean is not above the groud and does't creat snow.
It is not possible that snow fell from the ocean because ocean does not gives snow
It is not possible that snow fell from the ocean because snow falls from clouds that form in the outer atmosphere.
It is not possible that i need to take a patch of them because people can't be split into patches.
It is not possible that i need to take a patch of them because patch is not a picture
It is not possible that i need to take a patch of them because patch can not be taken from someone.
It is not possible that alex uses youtube to contact with his collegues because youtube is for uploading and playing vedios instead of communicating
It is not possible that alex uses youtube to contact with his collegues because youtube is platform for posting videos.
It is not possible that alex uses youtube to contact with his collegues because youtube is a one way communication platform.
It is not possible that crying is a very happy thing because the sad mood that the crying brings to people
It is not possible that crying is a very happy thing because mostly sad thing make crying
It is not possible that crying is a very happy thing because happiness is expressed by laughter.
It is not possible that programmers write programs for fixed telephones because fixed telephones don't need programs.
It is not possible that programmers write programs for fixed telephones because phone technicians fix phones.
It is not possible that programmers write programs for fixed telephones because telephones are not used to write programs by the programmers.
It is not possible that an activity someone can do is run when hungry because people seldom have the strength to run when they are hungry
It is not possible that an activity someone can do is run when hungry because people stick to a diet plan on purpose.
It is not possible that an activity someone can do is run when hungry because when you are hungry, your body is telling you to eat something.
It is not possible that the effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair because to get a haircut is to cut the hair and make it shorter
It is not possible that the effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair because hair cuts always shorten your hair.
It is not possible that the effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair because a haircut removes hair, it does not add it.
It is not possible that lying is for fun because lying usually hurts people and it is not funny
It is not possible that lying is for fun because lying isn't used for fun purposes.
It is not possible that lying is for fun because lying is not good
It is not possible that i don't need this silly old coale because coale is a person's name.
It is not possible that i don't need this silly old coale because coale can be someone's first name.
It is not possible that i don't need this silly old coale because coale is not a coat
It is not possible that dogs has a better vision than humans because dogs have poor vision in fact.
It is not possible that dogs has a better vision than humans because dogs do not have better vision than humans.
It is not possible that dogs has a better vision than humans because dogs do not see as many colors as humans do.
It is not possible that drinking is good to health because drinking can destroy people's bodies
It is not possible that drinking is good to health because human health is not benefited by drinking.
It is not possible that drinking is good to health because drinking alcohol damages your liver.
It is not possible that a person wants enough mummy to take care of his family because a person only have one mummy.
It is not possible that a person wants enough mummy to take care of his family because mummy don't take care of families
It is not possible that a person wants enough mummy to take care of his family because mummy never take care of family
It is not possible that ears can be used for touching because we usually touch others with face or hands, no ears.
It is not possible that ears can be used for touching because hands are for touching
It is not possible that ears can be used for touching because you touch with your hands.
It is not possible that almost every person has a food reference because reference isn't possessed by everyone.
It is not possible that almost every person has a food reference because food cannot allude to a source of information
It is not possible that almost every person has a food reference because food cannot provide references
It is not possible that pork is inedible because pork is one of the most eaten meats
It is not possible that pork is inedible because pork is food.
It is not possible that pork is inedible because pork is widely known to be a consumable meat.
It is not possible that she worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet because cabinet is too small to be inside.
It is not possible that she worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet because she does not stay in a cabinet
It is not possible that she worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet because a person can not be "at" a dark cabinet, so they would not worry about it at all.
It is not possible that kate and her opponent help each other because it's wrong because opponents are in a competitive relationship.
It is not possible that kate and her opponent help each other because opponents are against each other.
It is not possible that kate and her opponent help each other because kate and her opponent battle each other
It is not possible that you can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better because coffee helps people stay awake and will not help sleeping
It is not possible that you can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better because coffee helps you stay alert due to high caffeine content.
It is not possible that you can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better because hot coffee has caffeine which wakes you up.
It is not possible that the truck hit the dragon because dragon doesn't exist in the world.
It is not possible that the truck hit the dragon because dragons are not real animals
It is not possible that the truck hit the dragon because dragons are imaginary creatures.
It is not possible that when people get hurt, we can call artists for help because artists do not necessarily have first-aid skills
It is not possible that when people get hurt, we can call artists for help because artists do not help the injured, only doctors
It is not possible that when people get hurt, we can call artists for help because artists create art they do not help injured people.
It is not possible that some medicines are bitter because some medicines are bitter
It is not possible that some medicines are bitter because medicines are not generally bitter.
It is not possible that some medicines are bitter because medicines taste unpleasant.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground because a shark lives in the ocean.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground because sharks live in the ocean.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground because shark is not possible in the ground
It is not possible that chairs have no legs because all chairs need legs to keep balanced.
It is not possible that chairs have no legs because chairs have at least three legs.
It is not possible that chairs have no legs because chair stand by legs
It is not possible that humans get vitamins from stone because there is no vitamin in the stone
It is not possible that humans get vitamins from stone because vitamins do not come from stones.
It is not possible that humans get vitamins from stone because stone does not contain nutrients
It is not possible that cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes because cotton is not edible sugar
It is not possible that cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes because cotton is not sugar
It is not possible that cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes because sugar is a food material that would be easily dissolvable.
It is not possible that the people you help will hurt you because people are grateful to those who help them
It is not possible that the people you help will hurt you because help is not for hurt
It is not possible that the people you help will hurt you because if you help someone they should be grateful.
It is not possible that wear thin clothes in winter because wearing thin clothes in winter can't keep warm
It is not possible that wear thin clothes in winter because you should wear thick clothes in the winter
It is not possible that wear thin clothes in winter because cold weather warrants thick clothing for warmth.
It is not possible that riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands because riding a bicycle doesn't spend too much power from the hands.
It is not possible that riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands because bicycle good for specially legs
It is not possible that riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands because you use your legs when riding a bike.
It is not possible that you can see the sun when you are dark because no sun at night
It is not possible that you can see the sun when you are dark because the sun isn't out at night.
It is not possible that you can see the sun when you are dark because the sun comes out in the daytime.
It is not possible that iron is the lightest metal because the atomic mass of iron is larger than that of aluminum
It is not possible that iron is the lightest metal because iron is a heavier metal than aluminum.
It is not possible that iron is the lightest metal because lightest metal is not a iron.
It is not possible that a criminal can look after a country because a criminal always makes trouble for a country.
It is not possible that a criminal can look after a country because a criminal is not allowed to look after a country.
It is not possible that a criminal can look after a country because criminal doesn't need to look a country
It is not possible that a bowl used for cutting salad because bowl is short of function of cutting
It is not possible that a bowl used for cutting salad because knife only used for cutting salad
It is not possible that a bowl used for cutting salad because a bowls edge is not sharp enough to cut a salad, so we use it to hold food instead.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a fox in a stone because there's usually nothing else in the stone let alone a fox
It is not possible that you are likely to find a fox in a stone because a stone cannot accommodate a fox.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a fox in a stone because a stone does not sustain life.
It is not possible that there are many kind of fish in a forest because not much fish lives in a forest because there aren't much water.
It is not possible that there are many kind of fish in a forest because fishes do not live in forests.
It is not possible that there are many kind of fish in a forest because fish are not found within a forest.
It is not possible that people are very fast when jogging because running fast is not needed for jogging
It is not possible that people are very fast when jogging because people are very slow when jogging
It is not possible that people are very fast when jogging because jogging is not a fast running
It is not possible that spending money is for buying scenes because some scenes can be seen for free.
It is not possible that spending money is for buying scenes because scenes are part of stories and are not for sale.
It is not possible that spending money is for buying scenes because spending money is for buying things
It is not possible that the man like to eat the stones because stones can't be food for people.
It is not possible that the man like to eat the stones because you can not eat stones.
It is not possible that the man like to eat the stones because they are too hard to actually digest.
It is not possible that the sun is cold because the temperature of the sun is very high
It is not possible that the sun is cold because the sun produces warmth
It is not possible that the sun is cold because the sun is not a cold object.
It is not possible that it is important to know that sang is a future tense verb because there is no future tense in english.
It is not possible that it is important to know that sang is a future tense verb because there is not a future tense form for the verb sing.
It is not possible that it is important to know that sang is a future tense verb because it's not correct that sang is a future tense verb.
It is not possible that something you find at a relatives house is mountain because the relatives' house cannot accommodate a mountain
It is not possible that something you find at a relatives house is mountain because mountains are not found in peoples houses, they are outdoors.
It is not possible that something you find at a relatives house is mountain because mountains are natural formations
It is not possible that god is all powerless because people tend to think that god is powerful and turn to him for help
It is not possible that god is all powerless because we typically submit to a more powerful being and so god is usually seen as more powerful than humans
It is not possible that god is all powerless because god has more powers
It is not possible that i can move a mountain easily because a mountain is so big and heavy that nobody can move it easily.
It is not possible that i can move a mountain easily because mountain is very big
It is not possible that i can move a mountain easily because mountains are huge and immobile.
It is not possible that ants cannot see because ants have eyes so they can see things
It is not possible that ants cannot see because ants have a eyes to see
It is not possible that ants cannot see because ants have eyes to see
It is not possible that macaws are carrots from rainforests in the americas because macaws are animals while carrots are plants
It is not possible that macaws are carrots from rainforests in the americas because macaws are not carrots from the rainforest.
It is not possible that macaws are carrots from rainforests in the americas because macaws are colorful birds who live in the jungle
It is not possible that you may see a dog on the moon because dogs can't survive on the moon
It is not possible that you may see a dog on the moon because a dog could not survive on the moon.
It is not possible that you may see a dog on the moon because the moon has almost no oxyen, so a dog could not live there.
It is not possible that i bought a star yesterday because stars in the sky can't be sold or bought.
It is not possible that i bought a star yesterday because stars are not for sale.
It is not possible that i bought a star yesterday because stars are in the sky and it belongs to the universe.
It is not possible that the river flows from the mountains to the sky because water usually flows from higher ground to lower ground
It is not possible that the river flows from the mountains to the sky because rivers do not flow upward into the sky
It is not possible that the river flows from the mountains to the sky because it would defy gravity for a river to flow into the sky.
It is not possible that nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company because a soap dish is for holding soap
It is not possible that nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company because nancy used a food container to carry lunch to her company
It is not possible that nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company because lunchboxes or paperbags are used to carry lunches to work.
It is not possible that a weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official because weeding means removing weeds from some areas.
It is not possible that a weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official because weeding is used to remove unwanted plants, weeds, from a garden, lawn or otherwise. it is considered work or labor, and is not a traditional way of beginning a relationship in any religion, culture or otherwise. at least not to my knowledge.
It is not possible that a weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official because a weeding would be two people hanging out in a garden.
It is not possible that the bird sings beautiful story because story can not be sung
It is not possible that the bird sings beautiful story because birds do not sing stories because they have no words.
It is not possible that the bird sings beautiful story because the bird can't talk
It is not possible that people go to the mall to fish and eat because there is no river or ocean for fishing in the mall
It is not possible that people go to the mall to fish and eat because you can not fish at the mall.
It is not possible that people go to the mall to fish and eat because people do not go to the mall to fish and eat.
It is not possible that if you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet because your feet do no influence you when you kiss
It is not possible that if you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet because feet are not usually involved in kissing.
It is not possible that if you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet because feet are not used to kiss
It is not possible that the bible originated in asia because the bible is a classic of christianity and christianity is not in asia
It is not possible that the bible originated in asia because asian religion is generally not christian.
It is not possible that the bible originated in asia because asia is not a place to originate the bible.
It is not possible that a is an example of a programming language because there isn't a programming language named a.
It is not possible that a is an example of a programming language because a is not a programming language
It is not possible that a is an example of a programming language because a is not an example of a prgramming
It is not possible that the hour hand is longer than the minute hand because the length of the minute hand in the clock is longer than the hour hand
It is not possible that the hour hand is longer than the minute hand because minute hands are the long hands.
It is not possible that the hour hand is longer than the minute hand because the minute hand is shorter then the hour hand.
It is not possible that some people like their hotdogs with relic because relic aren't edible.
It is not possible that some people like their hotdogs with relic because a relic is not a hot dog condiment.
It is not possible that some people like their hotdogs with relic because relic is not a condiment.
It is not possible that a rabbit can knock people down because a rabbit is too small to knock people down.
It is not possible that a rabbit can knock people down because a rabbit is a weak animal.
It is not possible that a rabbit can knock people down because the rabbit less strength animal than lion so it can not knock people down.
It is not possible that you may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant because no pants are sold in the restaurant
It is not possible that you may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant because restaurants sell food
It is not possible that you may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant because restaurants sell food, not pants.
It is not possible that i eat a banana without peeling it because no one can eat banana skin.
It is not possible that i eat a banana without peeling it because people do not eat banana peels
It is not possible that i eat a banana without peeling it because bananas have a hard skin on them, makes them hard to eat
It is not possible that heat helps bacteria growing because bacteria die under heat.
It is not possible that heat helps bacteria growing because bacteria has been shown to not grow when submitted to heat.
It is not possible that heat helps bacteria growing because heat prevents bacteria not helps
It is not possible that stone is liquid because the stone is hard and therefore is solid
It is not possible that stone is liquid because stones are not pliable.
It is not possible that stone is liquid because stone is a solid not a liquid
It is not possible that most people must sell their labor to get air because it is easy for people to get air.
It is not possible that most people must sell their labor to get air because air is free.
It is not possible that most people must sell their labor to get air because air is free in this world
It is not possible that turner started her own restaurant business because terner is a name for the male
It is not possible that turner started her own restaurant business because turner is a guy, so it would not be "her" business.
It is not possible that turner started her own restaurant business because turner would not start her own business because he is a man.
It is not possible that his father praised him for breaking the glass because it is a mistake to break the glass
It is not possible that his father praised him for breaking the glass because fathers get upset when somone breaks something
It is not possible that his father praised him for breaking the glass because generally a father becomes angry when his son breaks something of important.
It is not possible that telling is unimportant when teaching others because the first thing you do when you teach other people is telling
It is not possible that telling is unimportant when teaching others because teaching means share our knowledge so we should open our mouth
It is not possible that telling is unimportant when teaching others because every step should be explained when teaching.
It is not possible that he is playing badminton with dolphins because dolphins can't play badminton in most cases
It is not possible that he is playing badminton with dolphins because a dolphin has no hands to hold a badminton raquette.
It is not possible that he is playing badminton with dolphins because dolphins doesn't has hand
It is not possible that people usually eat moon cakes on spring festival because eating moon cakes is not a custom of spring festival
It is not possible that people usually eat moon cakes on spring festival because spring is not a season for moon watching
It is not possible that people usually eat moon cakes on spring festival because people usually eat apple pies during spring festival.
It is not possible that dogs are afraid of cats because there is no evidence shows that dogs are afraid of cats.
It is not possible that dogs are afraid of cats because depenrs on size
It is not possible that dogs are afraid of cats because mice will get eaten by cats.
It is not possible that rainbow appears after snow because rainbow always appears after rain.
It is not possible that rainbow appears after snow because rainbows are not seen in winter.
It is not possible that rainbow appears after snow because rainbows appear after rain and sometimes thunderstorms.
It is not possible that a paper contains songs because papers don't have memory, so it can't storage songs.
It is not possible that a paper contains songs because a paper is not a music media
It is not possible that a paper contains songs because songs does not available in a paper.
It is not possible that many dogs go camping on weekends because the dogs doesn't go camping to relax like people.
It is not possible that many dogs go camping on weekends because a dog doesn't have the intelligence to go camping on it's own.
It is not possible that many dogs go camping on weekends because dogs cannot plan, prepare, or drive to camp at any time
It is not possible that a hair care article is for funny because the purpose of hair care products is not to bring people fun
It is not possible that a hair care article is for funny because an hair care article is about hair care and hair care products only.
It is not possible that a hair care article is for funny because a hair care article is informative and not funny.
It is not possible that turtles can jump onto a table or chair because no turtle can jump, they only crawl.
It is not possible that turtles can jump onto a table or chair because turtles don't jump.
It is not possible that turtles can jump onto a table or chair because turtles are too small to jump that high up.
It is not possible that i watch the opera in the cinema because there is no opera at the cinema.
It is not possible that i watch the opera in the cinema because operas only play at opera houses.
It is not possible that i watch the opera in the cinema because cinema houses play movies, not put on opera's.
It is not possible that the butterfly is turned from bees because bees are not butterfly larvae
It is not possible that the butterfly is turned from bees because bees are a different species of insect
It is not possible that the butterfly is turned from bees because butterflies and bees are two different species.
It is not possible that my cat answered the phone because no cat can answer the phone.
It is not possible that my cat answered the phone because phone cannot answered by the cat.
It is not possible that my cat answered the phone because a cat cannot talk
It is not possible that the child likes drinking wines because children should not drink wines.
It is not possible that the child likes drinking wines because children cannot drink wine
It is not possible that the child likes drinking wines because wine should not be consumed by children.
It is not possible that a state is a position within a box because a state will not in a box
It is not possible that a state is a position within a box because states are geographical demarcations.
It is not possible that a state is a position within a box because a point is a position within a box.
It is not possible that a matter can name her child because a matter is an object.
It is not possible that a matter can name her child because matter is not a material that can have thoughts to name a child.
It is not possible that a matter can name her child because matter is not a living human and can not change anything
It is not possible that men often wear dresses in the summer because very few men wear dresses.
It is not possible that men often wear dresses in the summer because men avoid wearing too many dresses in summer due to the heat
It is not possible that men often wear dresses in the summer because most men don't wear dresses.
It is not possible that the blind can't read any books because the blind can read some special books with their hands.
It is not possible that the blind can't read any books because blind does not have a vision to read
It is not possible that the blind can't read any books because the blind can read books written in braille script.
It is not possible that people jump  to get in shape because jump does bad in getting in shape.
It is not possible that people jump  to get in shape because jumping is not enough exercise.
It is not possible that people jump  to get in shape because jumping is not the best exercise.
It is not possible that the baby put his top in his mouth because mouth is on baby's top.
It is not possible that the baby put his top in his mouth because a top is too large to fit into a baby's mouth
It is not possible that the baby put his top in his mouth because top is not a toy
It is not possible that you can conquer your opponent without understanding him because as the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy.
It is not possible that you can conquer your opponent without understanding him because you do not know what your opponent is capable of.
It is not possible that you can conquer your opponent without understanding him because understanding an opponent is important to conquering him.
It is not possible that jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo because the dinosaur is extinct
It is not possible that jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo because dinosaurs do not exist in present day.
It is not possible that a drill is for writing because a drill is for drilling, not writing.
It is not possible that a drill is for writing because drills are for putting screws in things
It is not possible that a drill is for writing because a drill is not a writing implement.
It is not possible that people can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school because people can go to middle school after they have finished elementary school
It is not possible that people can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school because middle school comes after elementary school.
It is not possible that people can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school because younger people is not possible to enroll in middle school
It is not possible that mike can eat an elephant because an elephant is too large to eat.
It is not possible that mike can eat an elephant because elephant is big animal
It is not possible that mike can eat an elephant because people can not eat something as big as an elephant
It is not possible that the father asked his 8-year-old son to buy a packet of cigarette because 8-year-old children cannot buy cigarettes.
It is not possible that the father asked his 8-year-old son to buy a packet of cigarette because a 8 year old can not buy a packet of cigarettes because its against the law
It is not possible that the father asked his 8-year-old son to buy a packet of cigarette because eight year olds are not allowed to buy cigarettes.
It is not possible that fares can be dangerous because people touch fares everyday.
It is not possible that fares can be dangerous because the money someone pays for public transportation does not pose a threat to anyone.
It is not possible that fares can be dangerous because fare is not a dangerous one
It is not possible that the pilot is piloting his bus across the atlantic because buses usually cannot cross the atlantic
It is not possible that the pilot is piloting his bus across the atlantic because buses sink in water.
It is not possible that the pilot is piloting his bus across the atlantic because you cannot drive a bus across water.
It is not possible that the patient is recovering from illness in a market because the market isn't a quiet place for a patient to recover.
It is not possible that the patient is recovering from illness in a market because a market is not where patients recover from sickness.
It is not possible that the patient is recovering from illness in a market because a market is not a place for a somebody recovering from a illness
It is not possible that you are likely to find a white house in the countryside because white house is in washington city
It is not possible that you are likely to find a white house in the countryside because the white house is in washington dc
It is not possible that you are likely to find a white house in the countryside because the white house is in a very specific location in the city of washington
It is not possible that swimming often damages health because swimming is an sport and keeps people healthy.
It is not possible that swimming often damages health because swimming is not bad for one's health.
It is not possible that swimming often damages health because swimming is good for health
It is not possible that the teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them because generally speaking, students like a gentle teacher
It is not possible that the teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them because friendly people are not disliked by others.
It is not possible that the teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them because friendly people are well liked
It is not possible that junk food is a healthy food serving because junk food makes people fat and causes health damage
It is not possible that junk food is a healthy food serving because healthy food is fresh.
It is not possible that junk food is a healthy food serving because junk food is unhealthy.
It is not possible that most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy because most people will feel happy when they finish watching a comedy.
It is not possible that most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy because most people laugh at a comedy
It is not possible that most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy because most of us will laugh when we finish watching a comedy
It is not possible that there are cats swimming in the lake because no cat can swim.
It is not possible that there are cats swimming in the lake because cats cannot swim in the lake.
It is not possible that there are cats swimming in the lake because cats don't enjoy the water.
It is not possible that my mp3 rings when somebody calls me because there is no answering function for the mp3.
It is not possible that my mp3 rings when somebody calls me because mp3 are not cellphones
It is not possible that my mp3 rings when somebody calls me because mp3 is not a conversation thing to call
It is not possible that we went to the halal canteen for pork because halal canteens don't serve pork
It is not possible that we went to the halal canteen for pork because pork is forbidden food at a halal store.
It is not possible that we went to the halal canteen for pork because pork is not used in halal canteen.
It is not possible that my bed smiled at me because bed has no emotional so could not smile.
It is not possible that my bed smiled at me because a bed is a non-living thing.
It is not possible that my bed smiled at me because beds don't have mouths.
It is not possible that flowers are animals because flowers are plants, not animals.
It is not possible that flowers are animals because flowers are plants.
It is not possible that flowers are animals because flowers are not viewed as animals since they do not interact with the world in the way other animals do.
It is not possible that he sent the injured dog to a cinema because a cinema does not have doctors and medical equipment
It is not possible that he sent the injured dog to a cinema because cinema is not place for take a treatment
It is not possible that he sent the injured dog to a cinema because dogs don't go to the cinema
It is not possible that steak is a type of food made from pig because people use cattle to make steak but not pig.
It is not possible that steak is a type of food made from pig because steak is not a pork product.
It is not possible that steak is a type of food made from pig because steak is not from pig
It is not possible that worms are much bigger than birds because the size of bird is many times of worms'
It is not possible that worms are much bigger than birds because worms are very small compared to birds
It is not possible that worms are much bigger than birds because worms are small enough to fit down a bird's throat.
It is not possible that buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital because a local hospital doesn't sell fruits.
It is not possible that buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital because hospital cannot sell a fruits
It is not possible that buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital because hospital for take treatment
It is not possible that words can show scenes because in normal, words can not show scenes exactly
It is not possible that words can show scenes because words do not move, you have to read and interpret them using your own imagination.
It is not possible that words can show scenes because scenes can't literally be shown by words.
It is not possible that you can take a pill when you are hungry because you can't take the pills at will.
It is not possible that you can take a pill when you are hungry because you can eat a meal when you are hungry.
It is not possible that you can take a pill when you are hungry because pill is taken for pain.
It is not possible that she likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage because no one wants to dream up a storage.
It is not possible that she likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage because storage doesn't has adventure
It is not possible that she likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage because adventure is a story not a storage
It is not possible that they paid their taxes to their company because a company has no right to collect taxes.
It is not possible that they paid their taxes to their company because non-governmental employers generally do not tax their employees.
It is not possible that they paid their taxes to their company because companies take taxes out of your pacheck for taxes workers owe the government.
It is not possible that the doctor works in a hotel because the hotel has no treatment
It is not possible that the doctor works in a hotel because a hotel is unlikely to be a doctor's workplace.
It is not possible that the doctor works in a hotel because the doctor would have nowhere to practice in a hotel
It is not possible that hair grows on the ass because the ability to grow hair on the ass
It is not possible that hair grows on the ass because the ass is not the expected place for human hair to grow.
It is not possible that hair grows on the ass because hair does indeed grow on the ass, as hair grows virtually on every part of the human body, with exception of very few regions.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tiger on a board because tiger is a dangerous animal that cannot appear on board
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tiger on a board because you are very likely to find a tiger in the jungle.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tiger on a board because tigers live in the wild
It is not possible that something you find in a stone is a blue flower because flowers cannot grow on stones
It is not possible that something you find in a stone is a blue flower because stones are generally too hard and solid for flowers to grow in.
It is not possible that something you find in a stone is a blue flower because stones cannot sustain life.
It is not possible that the cat gets some gold because gold is too hard for the cat to eat.
It is not possible that the cat gets some gold because gold is not food.
It is not possible that the cat gets some gold because cats do not understand the value of gold.
It is not possible that water is for putting in your car engine because water does not act as fuel in a car engine
It is not possible that water is for putting in your car engine because water should not be put inside a car engine.
It is not possible that water is for putting in your car engine because water may repair engine
It is not possible that a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together because hug is not putting two lips together
It is not possible that a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together because a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by wrapping their arms around each other.
It is not possible that a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together because a hug is when two people put their arms around each other
It is not possible that beijing is hot in winter because beijing is cold in winter.
It is not possible that beijing is hot in winter because winter is cold.
It is not possible that beijing is hot in winter because beijing has different seasons.
It is not possible that the monkey flew up the tree because monkeys have no wings
It is not possible that the monkey flew up the tree because monkey's cannot fly.
It is not possible that the monkey flew up the tree because monkey did not flew
It is not possible that helen was so happy that he slept because when people are happy, they don't want to sleep.
It is not possible that helen was so happy that he slept because she was happy somebody got some sleep
It is not possible that helen was so happy that he slept because happiness does not usually put people to sleep.
It is not possible that less people seek knowledge because there some people are seeking knowledge
It is not possible that less people seek knowledge because people like to learn.
It is not possible that less people seek knowledge because knowledge is desirable.
It is not possible that sally flew an airplane to the mall because it's impossible for someone to fly an airplane without limit.
It is not possible that sally flew an airplane to the mall because people don't use airplanes for short trips.
It is not possible that sally flew an airplane to the mall because sally cannot land an airplane at the mall
It is not possible that something that might happen while driving is transporting the building because a building cannot be moved intactly
It is not possible that something that might happen while driving is transporting the building because driving is for transporting not for building
It is not possible that something that might happen while driving is transporting the building because a building wouldn't fit in a car.
It is not possible that you may see a cat flying in the sky because cats can't fly without wings
It is not possible that you may see a cat flying in the sky because cats lack the wings to fly.
It is not possible that you may see a cat flying in the sky because cats can't fly.
It is not possible that cat has one lives because once the cat has died, it can no longer live
It is not possible that cat has one lives because cat has nine lives
It is not possible that cat has one lives because the expression "a cat has nine lives" is well-known, and "one" is singular while "lives" is plural.
It is not possible that studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class because a class does not need to be passed
It is not possible that studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class because a class may cover many different subjects.
It is not possible that studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class because intensive study periods usually do not last for the entire duration of a course.
It is not possible that lighting a match is for creating a flood because a match can generate fire, not water
It is not possible that lighting a match is for creating a flood because lighting a match does not produces water , which is required to create flood
It is not possible that lighting a match is for creating a flood because a match will not stay lit in water
It is not possible that we charge something it becomes small because charging lets things powerful rather than small
It is not possible that we charge something it becomes small because small thing does not need charge
It is not possible that we charge something it becomes small because "charging" a thing is not inherently known to make it small.
It is not possible that mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work because usually the boss is satisfied with the outstanding work
It is not possible that mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work because excellent work is appreciated.
It is not possible that mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work because cant be mad at someone for soing a food job
It is not possible that you might find a house stable in a manor house because no one builds a house in another house.
It is not possible that you might find a house stable in a manor house because a house stable is not a real thing and it is not in a manor house.
It is not possible that you might find a house stable in a manor house because there is no such thing as a house stable
It is not possible that fish can fly because fish can't fly, they swim.
It is not possible that fish can fly because fish cannot fly.
It is not possible that fish can fly because fish cannot fly
It is not possible that a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on because bikes are not automobile while a motorway is for automobile vehicles
It is not possible that a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on because motorway for four vehicles
It is not possible that a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on because motorway is not for bikes
It is not possible that the subway is slower than the bus because the speed of the subway is not limited by the traffic flow faster than the bus
It is not possible that the subway is slower than the bus because subways are similar to trains in speed, while buses are comparable to cars and drive in traffic.
It is not possible that the subway is slower than the bus because an airplane is faster than a car.
It is not possible that we must exercise to sustain energy levels because exercise will consume energy.
It is not possible that we must exercise to sustain energy levels because exercising drains energy levels
It is not possible that we must exercise to sustain energy levels because exercise uses energy.
It is not possible that panda's favorite food is stone because stone can't be used as food
It is not possible that panda's favorite food is stone because living creatures cannot eat stone.
It is not possible that panda's favorite food is stone because animals lack the ability to digest stones.
It is not possible that my parents were sad at my good grade in an exam because parents are always happy to see their children getting a good grade.
It is not possible that my parents were sad at my good grade in an exam because your parents want you to get a good grade on the exam.
It is not possible that my parents were sad at my good grade in an exam because good grade in an exam will not make my parents sad.
It is not possible that john had more cakes than he should, so he was slim because too many cakes means too much sugar which cannot make people slim
It is not possible that john had more cakes than he should, so he was slim because eating too many cakes does not make a person thinner.
It is not possible that john had more cakes than he should, so he was slim because eating many cakes would cause john to gain weight
It is not possible that crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally because a license is to permit someone to do something legally
It is not possible that crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally because that would'nt be smart because she can go to jail for buying an illegal gun.
It is not possible that crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally because licenses are used to legally purchase guns
It is not possible that you will feel sad after you do exercise because doing exercise is good for people and usually will make them sad.
It is not possible that you will feel sad after you do exercise because exercise doesn't make you sad but is good for mental health.
It is not possible that you will feel sad after you do exercise because exercise makes people feel better
It is not possible that a book is for keeping track of time because a book is for reading, not keeping track of time.
It is not possible that a book is for keeping track of time because a book doesn't show time.
It is not possible that a book is for keeping track of time because books do not have hour or minute hands to keep time
It is not possible that universe has a surface because the universe is boundless and has no surface to speak of
It is not possible that universe has a surface because the universe is infinite, making it difficult to measure.
It is not possible that universe has a surface because there is no visible surface to the universe.
It is not possible that a person wants to live a short time because people always long for themselves to live longer
It is not possible that a person wants to live a short time because no one wants to die young
It is not possible that a person wants to live a short time because nobody wants to live a short life
It is not possible that something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent because a policeman should protect the innocent against the criminal
It is not possible that something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent because innocent people do not need to be fought against.
It is not possible that something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent because policeman are meant to protect innocent people
It is not possible that ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends because a calculator cannot play movies
It is not possible that ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends because you can only perform calculations on a calculator.
It is not possible that ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends because you don't watch things on calculators
It is not possible that the deaf are not handicapped because the deaf have trouble to hear so they are handicapped
It is not possible that the deaf are not handicapped because the inability to hear is a handicap
It is not possible that the deaf are not handicapped because deafness is also a handicap.
It is not possible that she counldn't see any puddings or roads because pudding is a sweet dish.
It is not possible that she counldn't see any puddings or roads because puddings wouldn't be a priority to see along with roads
It is not possible that she counldn't see any puddings or roads because puddings are not usually spotted on roads.
It is not possible that getting more drinks is for being healthy because drinking too much does harm to health.
It is not possible that getting more drinks is for being healthy because drinks are unhealthy for your body.
It is not possible that getting more drinks is for being healthy because drinks will not keep us healthy.
It is not possible that bags can be made of water because water can't be made into bags at all.
It is not possible that bags can be made of water because water is liquid.
It is not possible that bags can be made of water because water is a liquid
It is not possible that waiter is the most common liquid on earth because waiter serves people.
It is not possible that waiter is the most common liquid on earth because a waiter serves food and is not a liquid.
It is not possible that waiter is the most common liquid on earth because waiters are solid
It is not possible that you would attend school because you want to earn money because students can't earn money by attending school.
It is not possible that you would attend school because you want to earn money because attending school is not often motivated solely by a desire to make money.
It is not possible that you would attend school because you want to earn money because school is learning place
It is not possible that the cat play with the mice because cats are natural enemies of mice
It is not possible that the cat play with the mice because cat's do not play with mice, they are food.
It is not possible that the cat play with the mice because cat and mice are enemies
It is not possible that a calendar is for writing emails because a calendar does not function to communicate
It is not possible that a calendar is for writing emails because a computer is used to write emails.
It is not possible that a calendar is for writing emails because an email account is used to write emails.
It is not possible that tuning forks are used for eating because no one can eat tuning forks.
It is not possible that tuning forks are used for eating because tuning forks are used to make sure an instrument is in tune.
It is not possible that tuning forks are used for eating because tuning forks do not have an efficient shape for forking food.
It is not possible that dogs usually read book because dogs can't read book as people.
It is not possible that dogs usually read book because dogs do not have the mental capacity to read.
It is not possible that dogs usually read book because book cannot read by dogs.
It is not possible that tony rode a shark when traveling in mongolia because sharks live in the ocean and are too dangerous to be riden
It is not possible that tony rode a shark when traveling in mongolia because sharks live in the water
It is not possible that tony rode a shark when traveling in mongolia because a shark is too dangerous to ride.
It is not possible that you can use wifi to locate yourself because wifi does not have the function of locating
It is not possible that you can use wifi to locate yourself because wifi is not used to find a location
It is not possible that you can use wifi to locate yourself because wifi has only internet connection
It is not possible that you should spit banana seeds when eating bananas because banana seeds is too small and soft to spit.
It is not possible that you should spit banana seeds when eating bananas because a banana does not have any seeds.
It is not possible that you should spit banana seeds when eating bananas because bananas don't have seeds
It is not possible that something you can find in a school is planes because planes park in airports instead of schools
It is not possible that something you can find in a school is planes because school doesn't place for planes
It is not possible that something you can find in a school is planes because planes are nevver in schools.
It is not possible that horses can survive in the deserts because horses can't live long in the deserts.
It is not possible that horses can survive in the deserts because horses is not a camels
It is not possible that horses can survive in the deserts because deserts doesn't a good place for deserts
It is not possible that the stone flew freely in the air because stones are impossible to fly freely themselves.
It is not possible that the stone flew freely in the air because stone cannot fly
It is not possible that the stone flew freely in the air because stones are heavy and would fall to the ground.
It is not possible that tom ate a stone because stone can't eat
It is not possible that tom ate a stone because that person bought a watermelon.
It is not possible that tom ate a stone because a stone is not healthy to eat
It is not possible that you can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope because rope cannot be put onto a tape dispenser
It is not possible that you can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope because tape dispensers are too small to hold rope
It is not possible that you can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope because rope is too large to be held by a tape dispenser
It is not possible that jim lived in a tree because a human can't live in a tree.
It is not possible that jim lived in a tree because people do not live in trees.
It is not possible that jim lived in a tree because people live in buildings and not trees.
It is not possible that mercury is an explosive because mercury is toxic to humans but not explosive
It is not possible that mercury is an explosive because mercury is not flammable.
It is not possible that mercury is an explosive because mercury doesn't has a explosive materials
It is not possible that tim had a party at his bathroom last night because bathroom is for bath and there is no place for a party
It is not possible that tim had a party at his bathroom last night because bathroom for take a bath
It is not possible that tim had a party at his bathroom last night because the smelly atmosphere of a bathroom and the limited space would prevent it from being a good place to have a party.
It is not possible that the place where the teacher works is the bank because teacher teaches at school
It is not possible that the place where the teacher works is the bank because banks employ bankers, not teachers.
It is not possible that the place where the teacher works is the bank because banks are where financial transactions take place, not teaching.
It is not possible that obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public because microscopes cannot be used to amplify sound
It is not possible that obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public because microscopes are used for enhancing vision, one would not serve a purpose during a speech.
It is not possible that obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public because microscope is not a microphone
It is not possible that detergent is for washing face because detergent is too harsh for face
It is not possible that detergent is for washing face because detergent has injurious chemical for face
It is not possible that detergent is for washing face because detergent is for fabric not skin
It is not possible that summer is a time when snows happen frequently because it doesn't snow frequently in summer in many places.
It is not possible that summer is a time when snows happen frequently because snow happens during the winter while summer is characterized by warm weather
It is not possible that summer is a time when snows happen frequently because because it doesn't snow in winter very often.
It is not possible that my mother prond of me because pets can't talk and we can't understand their feelings
It is not possible that my mother prond of me because prond is not an actual word.
It is not possible that my mother prond of me because my mother prond of me
It is not possible that you are likely to find a computer in the bathroom because the computer may be broken in the bathroom
It is not possible that you are likely to find a computer in the bathroom because bathroom is not place for computer
It is not possible that you are likely to find a computer in the bathroom because you will only find toilets, urinals, and sinks in a bathroom.
It is not possible that wedding cards are unexpensively finished because wedding cards are expensive for people
It is not possible that wedding cards are unexpensively finished because wedding cards are usually expensively made.
It is not possible that wedding cards are unexpensively finished because wedding cars are expensive.
It is not possible that she felt like she stood in a whole new world, a world made of mountain pearls and stone because pearl is from oyster which lives in the sea.
It is not possible that she felt like she stood in a whole new world, a world made of mountain pearls and stone because mountain does not has pearls
It is not possible that she felt like she stood in a whole new world, a world made of mountain pearls and stone because pearls come from oysters, not mountains.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground because brass instruments are not stored in the playground
It is not possible that you are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground because unless it's a teacher wearing a brass groin cup, you'll never find the kids playing with their instruments outside, they're too busy eating or running around like... kids!
It is not possible that you are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground because brass instruments are not kept on the playground.
It is not possible that if you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the tv because tv is not a tool to chat with friends
It is not possible that if you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the tv because you can chat with friends on the telephone and watch tv.
It is not possible that if you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the tv because tv is not a chatting one
It is not possible that lisa drove her dogs to school because dogs are usually not allowed at school
It is not possible that lisa drove her dogs to school because dogs are not human and don't learn at human school
It is not possible that lisa drove her dogs to school because dogs don't learn like children do
It is not possible that sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms because sports lessons are usually taken in field
It is not possible that sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms because sports are played only outside classrooms.
It is not possible that sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms because sports is not for inside
It is not possible that humans can survive on mars because mars does not have the conditions for human existence
It is not possible that humans can survive on mars because there is not enough oxygen on mars for a human to survive
It is not possible that humans can survive on mars because humans need oxygen and food and there is none on mars.
It is not possible that the density of iron is smaller than that of water because iron will sink in the water, so its density is bigger than water
It is not possible that the density of iron is smaller than that of water because iron has much greater mass than the same amount in water.
It is not possible that the density of iron is smaller than that of water because iron is heavier than water.
It is not possible that an exit is for entering a place because an exit is for exit a place.
It is not possible that an exit is for entering a place because you always leave through the exit.
It is not possible that an exit is for entering a place because entrance and exit serve different purposes.
It is not possible that people just like to spend money on ugly things because people spend more money on beautiful things than the ugly
It is not possible that people just like to spend money on ugly things because people don't buy ugly things.
It is not possible that people just like to spend money on ugly things because people hate ugly things
It is not possible that a cook works in a school because a cook works in a restaurant, not a school.
It is not possible that a cook works in a school because cook work in hotel or some other cooking places
It is not possible that a cook works in a school because a cook works in a restaurant.
It is not possible that my brother eats bones because bones are too hard for a person to eat.
It is not possible that my brother eats bones because humans eat food.
It is not possible that my brother eats bones because he is not a dog
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed because the cabinet is not a bedding will not appear in the bed
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed because a cabinet case is too large to have in , around or on a bed
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed because cabinet cases don't exist, and would be found on a cabinet or in a kitchen.
It is not possible that if you want to skate then you should wear sneakers because sneakers are not suitable for skating.
It is not possible that if you want to skate then you should wear sneakers because you would slip on the ice with sneakers
It is not possible that if you want to skate then you should wear sneakers because it's not possible to wear sneakers and skates simultaneously.
It is not possible that you can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip because suit is a set of clothes.
It is not possible that you can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip because suits do not have large enough pockets to hold all your clothes.
It is not possible that you can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip because suits do not help with packing
It is not possible that a wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around because a desk on wheels is not designed for the handicapped to get around
It is not possible that a wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around because a desk is not mobile.
It is not possible that a wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around because wheels are not attached to desks to help one move around.
It is not possible that people enjoy suffering because suffering makes people feel bad.
It is not possible that people enjoy suffering because suffering is an unpleasant experience, not enjoyable.
It is not possible that people enjoy suffering because no one enjoys living in misery, or suffering. people enjoy things that do the opposite, like fill them with joy.
It is not possible that a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house because people do not wash garbage before throwing them away
It is not possible that a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house because dirty dishes do not get thrown away after being washed.
It is not possible that a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house because cleaned dishes are usually put back in the cupboard for later use.
It is not possible that london is the captain of england because captain is a person.
It is not possible that london is the captain of england because london is the capital seat of england
It is not possible that london is the captain of england because london is not a captain but a city.
It is not possible that the fuel of the car is water because water can't provide energy for cars
It is not possible that the fuel of the car is water because cars use gasoline as fuel.
It is not possible that the fuel of the car is water because water will kill and engine
It is not possible that cat has two feet because cat has four feet
It is not possible that cat has two feet because cats have four feet
It is not possible that cat has two feet because healthy cats have four feet
It is not possible that something you find at a party is homework because people don't do homework at parties
It is not possible that something you find at a party is homework because homework is not fun.
It is not possible that something you find at a party is homework because homework is never part of a party.
It is not possible that mom uses the oven to keep food cool because refrigerators can be used to cool
It is not possible that mom uses the oven to keep food cool because ovens are used to warm up or cook food.
It is not possible that mom uses the oven to keep food cool because an oven is used for cooking or baking food.
It is not possible that the vet is pruning the bushes because bushes are difficult for vet to manage
It is not possible that the vet is pruning the bushes because vets work with animals, not bushes.
It is not possible that the vet is pruning the bushes because vet is not a gardener
It is not possible that flashman is the role of marvel universe because flashman is the superhero of the dc universe
It is not possible that flashman is the role of marvel universe because flashman is not a marvel character.
It is not possible that flashman is the role of marvel universe because flashman is not a a character in the marvel universe.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store because ovens are usually sold in electronics stores not home improvement store
It is not possible that you are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store because home improvement stores are to spruce up areas of your house.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store because home improvement stores carry items needed to construct improvements to flooring, walls, cabinets, and lighting.
It is not possible that li keqiang is the chairman of china because likeqiang is the prime minister of china
It is not possible that li keqiang is the chairman of china because seems like that would not be a china name.
It is not possible that li keqiang is the chairman of china because the chairman of china is not named li keqiang.
It is not possible that seahorses run very fast because seahorses swim in the sea, not run.
It is not possible that seahorses run very fast because seahorses do not have legs
It is not possible that seahorses run very fast because seahorses anatomical structure are without legs.
It is not possible that you may see a monster in the tree because monsters can't appear on trees in real life
It is not possible that you may see a monster in the tree because monsters do not exist
It is not possible that you may see a monster in the tree because monster is not a bird
It is not possible that augustine is a saint  he did live in the same time as we because augustine is a great man thousands of years ago
It is not possible that augustine is a saint  he did live in the same time as we because saint always different from human
It is not possible that augustine is a saint  he did live in the same time as we because st augustine lived a few centuries ago.
It is not possible that the man went to a bar with his 5-year-old son because 5-year-old children are not allowed to get in a bar.
It is not possible that the man went to a bar with his 5-year-old son because bars generally have age limits much higher than 5 years old on the clientele they will serve.
It is not possible that the man went to a bar with his 5-year-old son because children are not allowed in bars.
It is not possible that plastic belong to conductor because plastic can not be electrically conductive and not a conductor
It is not possible that plastic belong to conductor because metal plating belongs to a computer.
It is not possible that plastic belong to conductor because plastic is not conductive.
It is not possible that astronauts used their wings to get on board the saturn v spacecraft because human beings have no wings.
It is not possible that astronauts used their wings to get on board the saturn v spacecraft because astronauts haven't wings
It is not possible that astronauts used their wings to get on board the saturn v spacecraft because people cannot fly.
It is not possible that a million is ten times a thousand because a million is thousand times a thousand.
It is not possible that a million is ten times a thousand because a million is a thousand times a thousand.
It is not possible that a million is ten times a thousand because no, ten times a thousand is ten thousand.
It is not possible that tony plays badminton with his dog because dogs can't play badminton in most cases
It is not possible that tony plays badminton with his dog because a dog is not able to play badminton.
It is not possible that tony plays badminton with his dog because a dog cannot play badminton because it has no hands
It is not possible that you can use a stone to control a vcr because stone does not control the vcr
It is not possible that you can use a stone to control a vcr because you need to use your fingers to control a vcr.
It is not possible that you can use a stone to control a vcr because a stone does not have any mechanism to control the vcr.
It is not possible that the mother fries stones for her children in the morning because the mother should know that stones can't be eaten.
It is not possible that the mother fries stones for her children in the morning because no one eat stones
It is not possible that the mother fries stones for her children in the morning because stones aren't food
It is not possible that if you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog because a dog can't help you when you apply for a job.
It is not possible that if you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog because applying for a job requires information about your skills and experience.
It is not possible that if you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog because most jobs do not require ownership of a dog
It is not possible that glue can erase pencil markings because glue is used to stick items rather than wipe pencil marks
It is not possible that glue can erase pencil markings because pencil markings are not erasable by using glue.
It is not possible that glue can erase pencil markings because glue binds things and can not erase things.
It is not possible that rainbow has five colors because the seven colors of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple
It is not possible that rainbow has five colors because rainbow has seven colors not five
It is not possible that rainbow has five colors because rainbows are known to have seven colors.
It is not possible that the earthworm is a segmented mammal because the earthworm is a kind of worm, not mammal
It is not possible that the earthworm is a segmented mammal because the earthworm is an arthropod.
It is not possible that the earthworm is a segmented mammal because earthworm is a kind of worm
It is not possible that the stars attacked the mailman because stars are outside the earth and they can't touch him.
It is not possible that the stars attacked the mailman because stars are high in the sky and don't attack.
It is not possible that the stars attacked the mailman because stars do not have life.
It is not possible that the tire went fat because fat is used to describe people's figures.
It is not possible that the tire went fat because tire is a nonliving thing
It is not possible that the tire went fat because tires can be full or flat.
It is not possible that he uses air to buy the ball because air is free and can't be exchanged for the ball.
It is not possible that he uses air to buy the ball because air is not a monetary denomination.
It is not possible that he uses air to buy the ball because he uses money to buy the ball
It is not possible that after work, tom would like to have a big meal at hospital because hospitals are for curing diseases instead of having meals
It is not possible that after work, tom would like to have a big meal at hospital because you do not go to the hospital to have a meal.
It is not possible that after work, tom would like to have a big meal at hospital because it like to have a little food at hospital, not a big meal
It is not possible that hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos because people can't decorate jewelry or tattoos on their hair
It is not possible that hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos because hair is not good for jewelry or tattoos
It is not possible that hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos because tattoos can not be put on the hair.
It is not possible that a person wants to share his life with someone he hates because it's hard for a person to share something with someone he hates.
It is not possible that a person wants to share his life with someone he hates because no one wants to spend time with someone they hate.
It is not possible that a person wants to share his life with someone he hates because can't share a life with anyone who hates
It is not possible that people eat stones for breakfast because stones are too hard to eat.
It is not possible that people eat stones for breakfast because people can't digest stones and this would make them very ill
It is not possible that people eat stones for breakfast because stone is not a food to eat
It is not possible that you may see a child driving because the child is not eligible to drive the vehicle
It is not possible that you may see a child driving because you can't have a license under the age of 16.
It is not possible that you may see a child driving because childhood driving is very uncommon.
It is not possible that the butterfly landed on the sun because the butterfly can't reach the sun
It is not possible that the butterfly landed on the sun because there are no living creatures on the sun because it is far too hot to sustain life.
It is not possible that the butterfly landed on the sun because impossible to land on the sun
It is not possible that china has 34 provincial administrative regions because provincial administrative districts are not equivalent to administrative districts
It is not possible that china has 34 provincial administrative regions because china has 34 administrative regions
It is not possible that china has 34 provincial administrative regions because china does not have provinces.
It is not possible that gloves are used to protect the feet because gloves on the hands instead of the feet
It is not possible that gloves are used to protect the feet because gloves are worn on hands
It is not possible that gloves are used to protect the feet because gloves is used only for hands
It is not possible that this is a red trunk because trunk is brown.
It is not possible that this is a red trunk because red is color not trunk
It is not possible that this is a red trunk because trunk cannot be in red.
It is not possible that a moment is a lifetime because lifetime is really longer than a moment
It is not possible that a moment is a lifetime because a lifetime isn't a factual method of calculating time.
It is not possible that a moment is a lifetime because moments are very short
It is not possible that people sleep in rivers because no people can sleep in water.
It is not possible that people sleep in rivers because rivers are moving water, you can't sleep in them.
It is not possible that people sleep in rivers because it would be really hard to sleep in water.
It is not possible that difference between a strip mall and a patio: a patio is public because people can walk around at the strip mall and not on the patio
It is not possible that difference between a strip mall and a patio: a patio is public because patio is public not private
It is not possible that difference between a strip mall and a patio: a patio is public because patio is private property
It is not possible that people may taste spicy when they drink coffee because coffee does not contain spicy things
It is not possible that people may taste spicy when they drink coffee because coffee does not contains a spicy taste
It is not possible that people may taste spicy when they drink coffee because some coffee have spices in it
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bomb in a building because it is not allowed to appear in the building
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bomb in a building because bombs are not commonly found in buildings
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bomb in a building because bombs are very dangerous.
It is not possible that bicycle has four wheels because bicycle relies on two wheel movements
It is not possible that bicycle has four wheels because bi means two.
It is not possible that bicycle has four wheels because the bi in bicycle indicates it only has two wheels
It is not possible that coffee are made from sand because sand can't be made into coffee.
It is not possible that coffee are made from sand because we don't drink sand.
It is not possible that coffee are made from sand because sand is not edible.
It is not possible that a child can roll uphill on skates because uphill is sloping upwards.
It is not possible that a child can roll uphill on skates because a child would roll backwards if they tried to roll uphill on skates.
It is not possible that a child can roll uphill on skates because you can only roll if you have speed or are going down.
It is not possible that babies have no father because all babies have a father by blood.
It is not possible that babies have no father because babies need a father.
It is not possible that babies have no father because every babies have a father
It is not possible that a plumber can fix a computer because computers need professional people to fix them not plumbers
It is not possible that a plumber can fix a computer because plumbers did not train to fix computers.
It is not possible that a plumber can fix a computer because a plumber does not have the technical knowledge to fix a computer.
It is not possible that he takes the dinosaur back home because dinosuar is too big to take back home
It is not possible that he takes the dinosaur back home because dinosaurs don't exist anymore
It is not possible that he takes the dinosaur back home because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that jack bought a dress in a book shop because there aren't dresses sold in a book shop.
It is not possible that jack bought a dress in a book shop because a book shop does not sell dresses.
It is not possible that jack bought a dress in a book shop because jack bought a magazine in a book shop.
It is not possible that i plant to be the top student in our school because a top student isn't from being planted.
It is not possible that i plant to be the top student in our school because planting is not generally a means to becoming a top student.
It is not possible that i plant to be the top student in our school because students are not a plant
It is not possible that viruses are good for people because viruses often make people sick and unhealthy.
It is not possible that viruses are good for people because viruses are harmful and hard to consume.
It is not possible that viruses are good for people because viruses can be for anybody that gets infected
It is not possible that mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system because mars is the second planet in the solar system and neptune is the last
It is not possible that mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system because mars is not the furthest planet from the sun.
It is not possible that mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system because mars is the closet to the sun
It is not possible that i must buy a newspaper before go to a movie because the newspaper isn't necessary before going to a movie.
It is not possible that i must buy a newspaper before go to a movie because newspaper will not work as movie admission
It is not possible that i must buy a newspaper before go to a movie because a newspaper is not required for admission to a movie.
It is not possible that they like to hold the tiger because people are afraid of the tiger at most situation.
It is not possible that they like to hold the tiger because it would be incredibly dangerous to hold a tiger.
It is not possible that they like to hold the tiger because tigers are ferocious.
It is not possible that dogs are fish because dogs are mammals.
It is not possible that dogs are fish because dogs are mammals.
It is not possible that dogs are fish because dogs are mammals
It is not possible that a hotel is where you learn knowledge because a hotel is where you stay and rest temporarily.
It is not possible that a hotel is where you learn knowledge because a hotel is not the typical place where knowledge is taught.
It is not possible that a hotel is where you learn knowledge because hotels are for staying at, not learning.
It is not possible that grass can clean clothes because grass has no use for cleaning clothes
It is not possible that grass can clean clothes because grass stains clothes.
It is not possible that grass can clean clothes because clothes cannot be cleaned by grass.
It is not possible that he only has two feet because almost everyone have two feet
It is not possible that he only has two feet because everyone has two feet
It is not possible that he only has two feet because people have at most two feet.
It is not possible that people use lipsticks to eat noodles because lipsticks are made for coloring lips
It is not possible that people use lipsticks to eat noodles because lipsticks are too short to eat noodles.
It is not possible that people use lipsticks to eat noodles because lipsticks used for makeup
It is not possible that japanese flag has a five-pointed star pattern because the pattern of the japanese flag has only one sun
It is not possible that japanese flag has a five-pointed star pattern because the japanese flag does not have a five pointed star.
It is not possible that japanese flag has a five-pointed star pattern because thete is no star pattern in a japanese flag.
It is not possible that jack likes to play foot at the playground because no one likes playing his foot.
It is not possible that jack likes to play foot at the playground because foot is not a game.
It is not possible that jack likes to play foot at the playground because you cannot play with foot at a playground
It is not possible that it is logical to believe in magic because magic does not exist in real life
It is not possible that it is logical to believe in magic because magic is not real.
It is not possible that it is logical to believe in magic because magic is not real
It is not possible that you are likely to find a elephant in trees because a elephant lives in the flat groud.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a elephant in trees because an elephant cannot climb a tree.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a elephant in trees because elephants are too big to climb trees.
It is not possible that a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails because fruit stores don't usually sell screws and nails
It is not possible that a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails because a fruit store sells only fruits and not tools
It is not possible that a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails because a fruit shop is not suitable for buying screws and nails
It is not possible that you are likely to find a roof in a garage because a roof should be at the top of a house
It is not possible that you are likely to find a roof in a garage because roof cannot found in the garage.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a roof in a garage because roofs are found on top of houses.
It is not possible that plastic forks are expensive and disposable because plastic forks cost less and therefore sell less
It is not possible that plastic forks are expensive and disposable because plastics are always cheap
It is not possible that plastic forks are expensive and disposable because plastic forks are very cheap.
It is not possible that a person wants to drink cool, dirty water because dirty water is bad for health
It is not possible that a person wants to drink cool, dirty water because no one wants dirty water.
It is not possible that a person wants to drink cool, dirty water because dirty water is bad to drink.
It is not possible that necklaces are articles of clothing because necklaces are only ornaments.
It is not possible that necklaces are articles of clothing because necklaces are extra make up
It is not possible that necklaces are articles of clothing because necklaces are accessories.
It is not possible that the arctic pole is warmer than many places because the arctic pole is colder than many places too.
It is not possible that the arctic pole is warmer than many places because the arctic pole is very cold
It is not possible that the arctic pole is warmer than many places because the arctic pole is one of the coldest places on the planet.
It is not possible that it's a shame to accept the honor because we always feel proud when accepting honors.
It is not possible that it's a shame to accept the honor because shame is associated with a negative feeling for behaving inappropriately.
It is not possible that it's a shame to accept the honor because an honor is a good thing, something to be proud of achieving.
It is not possible that susan uses his bike to call john because the bike don't have call function.
It is not possible that susan uses his bike to call john because a bike can not call someone
It is not possible that susan uses his bike to call john because bikes don't transmit sound.
It is not possible that heroin is good for people because heroin has great damages to our health
It is not possible that heroin is good for people because heroin is not beneficial for humans.
It is not possible that heroin is good for people because heroin is considered to have adverse health effects.
It is not possible that dogs don't like eating meat because dogs like eating both bones and meat.
It is not possible that dogs don't like eating meat because dogs are carnivores
It is not possible that dogs don't like eating meat because dogs are carnivores and do like eating meat
It is not possible that giving assistance is for revenge because evil people will help from the perspective of revenge
It is not possible that giving assistance is for revenge because assistance is not against a person
It is not possible that giving assistance is for revenge because revenge does not give assistance.
It is not possible that guilty people are praised because people won't praise guilty people to do more something bad.
It is not possible that guilty people are praised because people who are guilty of a crime do not commonly receive praise.
It is not possible that guilty people are praised because people who are guilty should not be praised.
It is not possible that people eating while taking a shower because people can't eat when they take a shower
It is not possible that people eating while taking a shower because while taking shower we cannot eat.
It is not possible that people eating while taking a shower because eating in the shower is ideal due to the food becoming saturated with water and therefore very soggy.
It is not possible that elephants carry goods with their long necks because elephants do not have long necks in nature
It is not possible that elephants carry goods with their long necks because elephants don't have long necks.
It is not possible that elephants carry goods with their long necks because elephants necks is small
It is not possible that you may find a lion in the soil because lion living on land
It is not possible that you may find a lion in the soil because lions live in the sahara
It is not possible that you may find a lion in the soil because soil is not a place where lions might be discovered.
It is not possible that carduelis is an insect because carduelis is a bird.
It is not possible that carduelis is an insect because carduelis are birds, not insects.
It is not possible that carduelis is an insect because carduelis is a flower
It is not possible that punching someone is for help someone because punching is always a way of punishment.
It is not possible that punching someone is for help someone because punching is painful
It is not possible that punching someone is for help someone because punching hurts people
It is not possible that the phone rang and he put it down because to answer the phone, we should pick it up.
It is not possible that the phone rang and he put it down because the phone has to be picked up before being able to be put down.
It is not possible that the phone rang and he put it down because people have to pick up the phone to be able to answer it.
It is not possible that he wants to have some fiends because no one wants to be with fiends.
It is not possible that he wants to have some fiends because nobody likes to have fiends.
It is not possible that he wants to have some fiends because fiends are mean and he would not want any of those.
It is not possible that something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand because when you walk, you use your feet instead of your hands
It is not possible that something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand because watching your hand will not keep you from falling.
It is not possible that something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand because you don't need to watch your hand before you fall.
It is not possible that the shape of the earth is square because the shape of the earth resembles an egg that is round
It is not possible that the shape of the earth is square because the earth is round.
It is not possible that the shape of the earth is square because the shape of the earth is round.
It is not possible that ice melts into stone because ice is water and melts into water instead of stones
It is not possible that ice melts into stone because ice is water
It is not possible that ice melts into stone because ice and stone are not the same type of material
It is not possible that i can use a washer to cook because the washer can wash clothes instead of cooking
It is not possible that i can use a washer to cook because you can only use a washer to wash clothes.
It is not possible that i can use a washer to cook because a washer is for cleaning, not cooking.
It is not possible that a viola is for eating because violas are not edible for people
It is not possible that a viola is for eating because a viola is made of wood and wood is not edible.
It is not possible that a viola is for eating because violas are made of wood and metal, which you shouldn't eat.
It is not possible that mozart is a scientist because mozart has created many excellent music works
It is not possible that mozart is a scientist because mozart did not perform science experiments
It is not possible that mozart is a scientist because mozart was a world class musician
It is not possible that it's hot since it's snowing because snowing makes it colder
It is not possible that it's hot since it's snowing because it has to be below freezing to snow outside.
It is not possible that it's hot since it's snowing because its cold since its snowing
It is not possible that an iron is used to cook food because an iron is used to iron clothes, not cook.
It is not possible that an iron is used to cook food because an iron is not for cook
It is not possible that an iron is used to cook food because an iron is used to get the wrinkles out of clothes.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on a tree because potatoes can only grow in the earth.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on a tree because potatoes grow in the ground.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on a tree because potatoes grown on underground
It is not possible that going for a haircut is for eating because you can't eat when you have a haircut
It is not possible that going for a haircut is for eating because u don't eat hair
It is not possible that going for a haircut is for eating because a haircut is not related to the act of eating.
It is not possible that birds usually eat vipers because vipers are poisonous to birds.
It is not possible that birds usually eat vipers because birds do not eat snakes.
It is not possible that birds usually eat vipers because pests is not vipers
It is not possible that his dog has a worse hearing than him because dogs have a better sense of hearing than human.
It is not possible that his dog has a worse hearing than him because dogs usually have very keen hearing.
It is not possible that his dog has a worse hearing than him because dogs usually have a sharp hearing.
It is not possible that the dumplings got sick because dumplings is not living things that could get sick
It is not possible that the dumplings got sick because dumplings are an inanimate food item
It is not possible that the dumplings got sick because dumplings are a food and do not get illnesses.
It is not possible that i have to do buses because only one person can't create buses.
It is not possible that i have to do buses because you drive buses, not do them.
It is not possible that i have to do buses because it is not possible to do buses, they are a mode of transportation.
It is not possible that the doctor ruled the guilty because the doctor has no power to rule the guilty.
It is not possible that the doctor ruled the guilty because doctors have no judicial authority.
It is not possible that the doctor ruled the guilty because a doctor does not make guilty determinations.
It is not possible that pamela is a man's name because almost human named pamela are female
It is not possible that pamela is a man's name because pamela is not a man's name.
It is not possible that pamela is a man's name because pamela is a name usually given to a woman.
It is not possible that a car window is part of a motor vehicle because a motor vehicle doesn't need a car window.
It is not possible that a car window is part of a motor vehicle because window is not part of motor vehicle
It is not possible that a car window is part of a motor vehicle because a car window is not a required part necessary to make a motor vehicle go.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bath then you should use a stone because a stone can't help you at all when you take a bath.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bath then you should use a stone because stone does not clean like a soap.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bath then you should use a stone because stone doesn't remove dirt from our body
It is not possible that if you drop a contact lens, it can be easy to find because a contact lens is transparent
It is not possible that if you drop a contact lens, it can be easy to find because contact lenses are difficult to find when dropped.
It is not possible that if you drop a contact lens, it can be easy to find because contact lens are clear and are hard to find when dropped.
It is not possible that bob smoked in the elevator because smoking in the elevator is impolite and forbidden.
It is not possible that bob smoked in the elevator because smoking in elevators is prohibited
It is not possible that bob smoked in the elevator because smoking is prohibited in an elevator.
It is not possible that a madman killed a stone because a stone don't have life.
It is not possible that a madman killed a stone because a stone is not alive and can't be killed
It is not possible that a madman killed a stone because stone has not dead
It is not possible that sugar is bitter because sugar is always sweet.
It is not possible that sugar is bitter because sugar is always sweet.
It is not possible that sugar is bitter because sugar is sweet
It is not possible that my family eat mooncakes at christmas because mooncakes is made for mid-autumn festival and not for christmas.
It is not possible that my family eat mooncakes at christmas because traditional christmas food is usually ham, turkey, and vegetables.
It is not possible that my family eat mooncakes at christmas because mooncakes are not a christmas food.
It is not possible that the bird was a hunter because bird hasn't the ability of a hunter
It is not possible that the bird was a hunter because hunter means hunting animal or bird
It is not possible that the bird was a hunter because hunter means a hunting animal or bird
It is not possible that the library is used for cooking because cooking isn't allowed in any library.
It is not possible that the library is used for cooking because the library is a place where you can rent books.
It is not possible that the library is used for cooking because the library is not a kitchen
It is not possible that a storm is coming so we should go swimming because going swimming at storm is dangerous
It is not possible that a storm is coming so we should go swimming because during storms, it is much safer if people avoid water activities such as swimming.
It is not possible that a storm is coming so we should go swimming because storms are very dangerous and should be avoided.
It is not possible that evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time because evolution is a change in the right direction
It is not possible that evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time because evolution means growth and that is the opposite of stability.
It is not possible that evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time because creatures can change for their environment over a long period of time.
It is not possible that something you find in class is salesmen because salesmen do not work at school
It is not possible that something you find in class is salesmen because a salesman  does not have any work in a class.
It is not possible that something you find in class is salesmen because you find students in a classroom
It is not possible that sally chopped the parrots because parrot is a bird trained as pets.
It is not possible that sally chopped the parrots because you do not chop parrots for food.
It is not possible that sally chopped the parrots because sally would not chop parrots.
It is not possible that men often wear skirts in summer because very few men wear skirts.
It is not possible that men often wear skirts in summer because most me do not wear ladies clothing
It is not possible that men often wear skirts in summer because women usually wear skirts, not men.
It is not possible that a store stove is for storing cheese because cheese needs to be kept low temperature
It is not possible that a store stove is for storing cheese because stove doesn't store anything
It is not possible that a store stove is for storing cheese because cheese needs to be kept cold so it doesn't go bad.
It is not possible that if you want to play tennis then you should weat skates because skates are not suitable for playing tennis.
It is not possible that if you want to play tennis then you should weat skates because weat skates doesn't need for tennis
It is not possible that if you want to play tennis then you should weat skates because skates are not normal tennis gear.
It is not possible that baskets keep food fresh because baskets can hold food but not keep it fresh
It is not possible that baskets keep food fresh because a basket does not offer refrigeration.
It is not possible that baskets keep food fresh because baskets is not a refrigerators
It is not possible that the higher you go the hotter it gets because the temperature is reducing with the hight increasing for the qulity of hot atmosphere is light
It is not possible that the higher you go the hotter it gets because air is cooler in high elevations.
It is not possible that the higher you go the hotter it gets because that is not true in all cases.
It is not possible that the baby held grandma because a boby can't hold an adult.
It is not possible that the baby held grandma because a baby is much smaller than his or her grandma
It is not possible that the baby held grandma because grandma held a child.
It is not possible that mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer because so far no one can get to the sun yet.
It is not possible that mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer because sun is away from our earth
It is not possible that mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer because the sun is way too hot to travel to.
It is not possible that we can sent our friends a moon at their birthday because the moon is out of reach
It is not possible that we can sent our friends a moon at their birthday because moon is outer of our earth
It is not possible that we can sent our friends a moon at their birthday because the moon is impossible to move or give away
It is not possible that the effect of going on the stage is sad because the stage tends to spread happiness rather than sadness
It is not possible that the effect of going on the stage is sad because being on stage should be fun.
It is not possible that the effect of going on the stage is sad because sadness is not tje the feeling one gets while going on the stage.
It is not possible that monet is a physicist because monet has many valuable paintings
It is not possible that monet is a physicist because monet is a famous painter
It is not possible that monet is a physicist because monet is a famous dead artist who was not known to be involved with physics.
It is not possible that you should find a computer that's on the mars because there is no computer on the mars
It is not possible that you should find a computer that's on the mars because mars doesn't has anything
It is not possible that you should find a computer that's on the mars because there are no people on mars and no way to get there
It is not possible that we often set the oven to wake us up the night before because the oven is used to bake things not as an alarm clock
It is not possible that we often set the oven to wake us up the night before because oven never alert us to wake up
It is not possible that we often set the oven to wake us up the night before because an oven does not have an alarm function
It is not possible that you sign bread because bread can not be signed
It is not possible that you sign bread because bread is eatable
It is not possible that you sign bread because you would ruin bread if you touched it with a pen.
It is not possible that he always yells at people when he's happy because people in a good moodvseldom yell at others.
It is not possible that he always yells at people when he's happy because people don't yell when they are happy
It is not possible that he always yells at people when he's happy because people do not yell at others when they are happy
It is not possible that the plane is slower than the car because the speed of the plane is many times higher than car
It is not possible that the plane is slower than the car because a car doesn't fly, so it's slower than a plane
It is not possible that the plane is slower than the car because cars are usually much slower than planes.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus because sharks living in water cannot be found on land
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus because sharks are likely to be found in the ocean and not the grouond.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus because sharks are found in bodies of water, not in the ground or under plants.
It is not possible that this is a photographer of a collection of fruit, including apples, oranges, bananas, grapes, and a pineapple because photographer is a career.
It is not possible that this is a photographer of a collection of fruit, including apples, oranges, bananas, grapes, and a pineapple because a photographer cannot be a collection of fruit.
It is not possible that this is a photographer of a collection of fruit, including apples, oranges, bananas, grapes, and a pineapple because photographer is not a collection
It is not possible that if you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat because ears cannot hear heat
It is not possible that if you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat because heat does not produce noise.
It is not possible that if you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat because heat is not produce a sound to listen
It is not possible that you would examine a thing because it is simple because simple things don't need to be examined
It is not possible that you would examine a thing because it is simple because you would examine a thing because it is complex
It is not possible that you would examine a thing because it is simple because most people examine something to determine a solution to the complex problem
It is not possible that you want to eat the net because the net is not food
It is not possible that you want to eat the net because net is for surf not to eat
It is not possible that you want to eat the net because net is not a food to eat
It is not possible that bark is part of a computer because a computer does not made from any wood
It is not possible that bark is part of a computer because computer does not have bark.
It is not possible that bark is part of a computer because computers are made of metal not of trees
It is not possible that football is square because every perspective of football looks like a circle instead of a square
It is not possible that football is square because the football couldn't fly through the air if it was square.
It is not possible that football is square because square is not a football shape
It is not possible that an enermy is a person who cares about you because an enemy is a person who hates you.
It is not possible that an enermy is a person who cares about you because an enemy doesn't cares about you
It is not possible that an enermy is a person who cares about you because an enemy only tries to harm you as he hates you.
It is not possible that chopsticks can contain food because chopsticks do not have the ability to contain food
It is not possible that chopsticks can contain food because chopsticks are solid objects.
It is not possible that chopsticks can contain food because chopsticks are used to eat with.
It is not possible that we picked the watermelon from the tree because apples grow on trees but watermelons don't
It is not possible that we picked the watermelon from the tree because watermelons don;t grow on trees
It is not possible that we picked the watermelon from the tree because watermelon do not grow from tree, but the ground only
It is not possible that my brother feeds glass to his cat everyday because glasses are not food for cats
It is not possible that my brother feeds glass to his cat everyday because glass is not a fish to feeds the cat
It is not possible that my brother feeds glass to his cat everyday because glass cannot feed to the cat.
It is not possible that something you find in the newspaper is music because the newspaper cannot play music because music is vocal
It is not possible that something you find in the newspaper is music because you can't hear what you find in newspapers
It is not possible that something you find in the newspaper is music because something you find in a newspaper are pictures.
It is not possible that the second hand is shorter than the hour hand because the hour hand is the shortest in the clock
It is not possible that the second hand is shorter than the hour hand because the length of the hands on time pieces follows the convention of  larger units of time being  marked with shorter hands than smaller units of times.
It is not possible that the second hand is shorter than the hour hand because the second hand is always shorter than the hour hand.
It is not possible that he took the dirty clothes to the gym because the gym doesn't have a dry cleaner
It is not possible that he took the dirty clothes to the gym because the gym is a place to get a physical workout.
It is not possible that he took the dirty clothes to the gym because gym is not a place to having a dirty clothes
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because the nightingale is a kind of bird
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because an elephant and a nightingale are two different species.
It is not possible that the nightingale is a elephant because an elephant isn't a bird
It is not possible that shared accomodation does not provide much exposal because to share a room with someone needs you to expose to each other
It is not possible that shared accomodation does not provide much exposal because if something is shared, it is generally open and provides lots of exposure.
It is not possible that shared accomodation does not provide much exposal because shared accommodation has limits
It is not possible that a gardener can feed lion in her garden because lions can't be kept in a garden by a gardener.
It is not possible that a gardener can feed lion in her garden because unless the gardener lives in africa, she would not have a lion in her garden.
It is not possible that a gardener can feed lion in her garden because lion cannot feed in the garden by a gardener.
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a performance is to talk because talking during a performance is distracting to other audience and rude to performers
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a performance is to talk because it is rude to talk during a performance.
It is not possible that something you might do while going to a performance is to talk because people enjoy performances by watching it.
It is not possible that pigs sang to music in ancient times because pigs can't sing to music at any time.
It is not possible that pigs sang to music in ancient times because pig's don't sing.
It is not possible that pigs sang to music in ancient times because pigs lack the ability to sing.
It is not possible that james would like to try the restaurant because people's comments for it are bad because a restaurant with bad comments tends to not be good
It is not possible that james would like to try the restaurant because people's comments for it are bad because bad comments turn people away from establishments.
It is not possible that james would like to try the restaurant because people's comments for it are bad because people don't seek out establishments which have only negative reviews.
It is not possible that the moon is a satellite of the mars because the moon revolves around the earth
It is not possible that the moon is a satellite of the mars because mars does not have a satellite.
It is not possible that the moon is a satellite of the mars because moon is near to earth
It is not possible that when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit because a short circuit occurs when a live plug is exposed to water
It is not possible that when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit because a plug has no circuit to be shorted.
It is not possible that when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit because when water and a plug come into contact there may be a short circuit.
It is not possible that san francisco is a town because san francisco is one of the developed cities in the united states
It is not possible that san francisco is a town because a town is not the same as a city.
It is not possible that san francisco is a town because the car rolls on the rails
It is not possible that my age is 1000 years because humans cannot live for 1000 years
It is not possible that my age is 1000 years because no human lifetime has been known to exceed 200 years.
It is not possible that my age is 1000 years because nobody lives that long.
It is not possible that the restaurant serves food free of charge because a restaurant can't run without profit.
It is not possible that the restaurant serves food free of charge because restaurants want to make money
It is not possible that the restaurant serves food free of charge because free food does not earn money
It is not possible that my dog can dance to music because no dog can dance to music spontaneously.
It is not possible that my dog can dance to music because dogs don't have the ability to dance to music
It is not possible that my dog can dance to music because dogs lack to ability to coordinate their movements to music.
It is not possible that sally was a teach because a person only has one name.
It is not possible that sally was a teach because teacher is only a profession, not a teach
It is not possible that sally was a teach because teach cannot be a sally.
It is not possible that france is a country in north america because france is located in europe
It is not possible that france is a country in north america because france belongs in europe.
It is not possible that france is a country in north america because france not in north america
It is not possible that the buffalo shot the indian because the buffalo don't know how to shoot
It is not possible that the buffalo shot the indian because buffalo doesn't know to shot
It is not possible that the buffalo shot the indian because buffaloes cannot use a gun.
It is not possible that john decided to go to the stone because people can't go into a stone.
It is not possible that john decided to go to the stone because john cannot go to a stone.
It is not possible that john decided to go to the stone because stone is not a place to go by john.
It is not possible that sometimes reading a megacity causes interest because megacity means large or great city.
It is not possible that sometimes reading a megacity causes interest because a megacity is not a reading material.
It is not possible that sometimes reading a megacity causes interest because one cannot read a megacity.
It is not possible that you would find a tree in stone because stones are too hard to grow trees
It is not possible that you would find a tree in stone because trees need soil to grow in.
It is not possible that you would find a tree in stone because lawn is not to find a tree
It is not possible that mercury is the third planet in the solar system because mercury is the first planet in the solar system
It is not possible that mercury is the third planet in the solar system because mercury would not cut earth to take its place in line.
It is not possible that mercury is the third planet in the solar system because mercury is the planet that is closest to the sun so it can not be the third planet in the solar system.
It is not possible that a single piece of information is called a book because a book is made up of a lot of information rather than a piece of information
It is not possible that a single piece of information is called a book because a book is not a datum
It is not possible that a single piece of information is called a book because a book contains a lot of information at once.
It is not possible that the doctor saved the dead man because no one can save the dead.
It is not possible that the doctor saved the dead man because a dead person is gone and can't be saved.
It is not possible that the doctor saved the dead man because dead man is not have a soul to save
It is not possible that a basket is for carrying liquids because the liquid will leak out of the basket
It is not possible that a basket is for carrying liquids because basket is not carrying liquids
It is not possible that a basket is for carrying liquids because liquids are best carried in containers that do not have holes weaved in them.
It is not possible that when you want to pee, you should go to the kitchen because the kitchen is not where people pee
It is not possible that when you want to pee, you should go to the kitchen because the kitchen is for cooking and eating food
It is not possible that when you want to pee, you should go to the kitchen because kitchen has only cooling facility
It is not possible that my doll and i like watching tv because dolls can't watch anyting  and they have no feelings at all.
It is not possible that my doll and i like watching tv because a doll does not actually watch tv.
It is not possible that my doll and i like watching tv because dolls are not conscious.
It is not possible that if you want to make friends then you should be devils because people are not inclined to make friends with devil people
It is not possible that if you want to make friends then you should be devils because devils do not make friends.
It is not possible that if you want to make friends then you should be devils because behaving like a devil is not the way to meet new friends.
It is not possible that a car is lucent because a lucent car is still a concept
It is not possible that a car is lucent because a car is fully covered
It is not possible that a car is lucent because a car does not give off light.
It is not possible that you can use a holding bay to delete an item because deleting items is not a holding bay function
It is not possible that you can use a holding bay to delete an item because deleting items works in programmes, a holding bay is a physical entity and aso these two don't exist together
It is not possible that you can use a holding bay to delete an item because delete item doesn't need to holding
It is not possible that mom took hot soup from the refrigerator because a microwave oven can be used to heat food
It is not possible that mom took hot soup from the refrigerator because the soup would be cold if its in a refrigerator
It is not possible that mom took hot soup from the refrigerator because a refrigerator makes things cold.
It is not possible that an ocean has many trees and plants because there aren't any trees in an ocean.
It is not possible that an ocean has many trees and plants because an ocean is a mass of water and cannot support tree life.
It is not possible that an ocean has many trees and plants because trees and plants need solid land to grow on.
It is not possible that tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal because usually the teacher helps us to correct our homework
It is not possible that tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal because principals do not see to homework.
It is not possible that tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal because the principal does not collect homework.
It is not possible that you would make a sun because nobody could make a sun except the god
It is not possible that you would make a sun because you cannot make a sun.
It is not possible that you would make a sun because a sun is in outer space, you can't go out there and make one, you're not a god!
It is not possible that kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats because meet has nothing to do with meat.
It is not possible that kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats because a kangaroo meet is not something that would be edible.
It is not possible that kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats because meeting a kangaroo is not something you can eat
It is not possible that when people say "potato, tomato", they mean there is no big difference because the tomato is completely different from the potato
It is not possible that when people say "potato, tomato", they mean there is no big difference because you need to use the same word twice pronounced differently for this to make sense.
It is not possible that when people say "potato, tomato", they mean there is no big difference because "potato" and "tomato" both are different in their shapes, colors, nutrients and taste are different.
It is not possible that may equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats because a security guard is a person so he cannot be equiped at a place
It is not possible that may equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats because security guard is not a monitor to watch
It is not possible that may equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats because cats don't need to be watched
It is not possible that human lives on the moon because there is no environment suitable for human habitation on the moon
It is not possible that human lives on the moon because no person live in moon
It is not possible that human lives on the moon because humans have apparently not been to the moon in several decades.
It is not possible that when we are frightened, we are happy because frighten does not make people happy
It is not possible that when we are frightened, we are happy because freight and happy are two oppsite feelings
It is not possible that when we are frightened, we are happy because you cannot be happy when you are afraid.
It is not possible that a spoon can be used to cut because a spoon is not sharp enough to cut things
It is not possible that a spoon can be used to cut because a spoon does not have a sharp edge.
It is not possible that a spoon can be used to cut because spoon is not a sharp to cut
It is not possible that a suitcase is for carrying stones because no suitcase is made for carrying stones.
It is not possible that a suitcase is for carrying stones because stands aren't usually carried in a suitcase.
It is not possible that a suitcase is for carrying stones because stones are often hauled by trucks.
It is not possible that there is a bald eagle standing on the sun because bald eagle can't reach the height of the sun
It is not possible that there is a bald eagle standing on the sun because no living thing could touch the sun
It is not possible that there is a bald eagle standing on the sun because there is a bald eagle standing on a rock
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because smoking can cause illness
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer.
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because it is one of the top disease state causes.
It is not possible that cutting your hair is for a cook to do because a cook's specialty is to make meals but not do one's hair
It is not possible that cutting your hair is for a cook to do because cooks do not know how to cut hair.
It is not possible that cutting your hair is for a cook to do because cooks generally do not cut hair.
It is not possible that baseball is a sport involving one teams of players because baseball game requires two teams to take turns offensive and defensive
It is not possible that baseball is a sport involving one teams of players because baseball needs two teams to play
It is not possible that baseball is a sport involving one teams of players because a baseball game must consist of more than one team to compete against one another.
It is not possible that leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live because animals have no leaves
It is not possible that leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live because animals do not have leaves
It is not possible that leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live because leaves cannot feed the animals.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit because the first thing to do at the mall is to walk into the entrance
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit because when you exit a place you are leaving so you wouldn't do that the first thing.
It is not possible that the first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit because you do not first enter a mall by exiting through the doors.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard because a surfboard is for surfing in the sea instead of surfing the net
It is not possible that if you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard because a surfboard is not used to surf the net.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard because the net is not a physical place
It is not possible that human beings live on mars because there is no suitable environment for human habitat on mars
It is not possible that human beings live on mars because mars cannot sustain human life and humans have never reached mars
It is not possible that human beings live on mars because human cannot live on mars
It is not possible that meter is part of week because meter are not unit of time.
It is not possible that meter is part of week because meter is a unit for things
It is not possible that meter is part of week because meter is part of rhythm.
It is not possible that the boys crosses the river by flying because it's impossible for people to fly.
It is not possible that the boys crosses the river by flying because humans cannot fly.
It is not possible that the boys crosses the river by flying because human couldn't fly
It is not possible that cigarettes are good for health because cigarettes may cause diseases like cancer.
It is not possible that cigarettes are good for health because cigarettes are not good for health
It is not possible that cigarettes are good for health because breathing in anything other than air is not good for your body.
It is not possible that sheila raised her tail because sheila is a human being that have no tail
It is not possible that sheila raised her tail because sheila is human, therefore she does not have a tail.
It is not possible that sheila raised her tail because sheila is human.
It is not possible that jeff prints with a tractor because a tractor cannot print anything
It is not possible that jeff prints with a tractor because tractor is not a printer
It is not possible that jeff prints with a tractor because tractor is not a device to print.
It is not possible that water and ice are not the same substance because ice and water are two forms of different substances
It is not possible that water and ice are not the same substance because ice is the solid form of water.
It is not possible that water and ice are not the same substance because water and ice and not considered to contain separate substances.
It is not possible that vases are usually made of gold because gold is too expensive to make vases
It is not possible that vases are usually made of gold because vases are usually made of glass
It is not possible that vases are usually made of gold because gold is very expensive, and is usually used to make smaller items.
It is not possible that i am flying because human beings are not able to fly without tools
It is not possible that i am flying because humans cannot fly
It is not possible that i am flying because people are incapable of flight without the use of assistive devices.
It is not possible that a stone has a medical effect because stone can't be used to treat patients
It is not possible that a stone has a medical effect because stones are not used to treat illness
It is not possible that a stone has a medical effect because stone doesn't has medical effect
It is not possible that i can buy some books in clothing shops because there aren't books sold in clothing shops.
It is not possible that i can buy some books in clothing shops because clothing shops sell garments.
It is not possible that i can buy some books in clothing shops because i can by books in book stores.
It is not possible that if you fall in love with someone, he can beat you because love is not an excuse to be violent to others
It is not possible that if you fall in love with someone, he can beat you because no one should ever beat anyone else.
It is not possible that if you fall in love with someone, he can beat you because no one that loves you should ever beat on you.
It is not possible that the patient is sent to the police because police don't treat patients.
It is not possible that the patient is sent to the police because the police are not able to treat sick people.
It is not possible that the patient is sent to the police because patients get sent to doctors
It is not possible that carbon is radioactive because carbon is an element but not the kind of radioactive
It is not possible that carbon is radioactive because carbon is in the air.
It is not possible that carbon is radioactive because it is like oxygen or hydrogen
It is not possible that my cat is reading newspapers now because no cat can read newspapers.
It is not possible that my cat is reading newspapers now because a cat is unable to read a newspaper.
It is not possible that my cat is reading newspapers now because cats generally cannot read.
It is not possible that it was wendy and cold because wendy is a name.
It is not possible that it was wendy and cold because the weather was less than great.
It is not possible that it was wendy and cold because wendy is a person, not something you can use to describe the weather.
It is not possible that a teacher can free a convict of jail time because a teacher does not have authority to judge convicts
It is not possible that a teacher can free a convict of jail time because only a judge or jury can free a convict
It is not possible that a teacher can free a convict of jail time because a judge is a part of the legal system.
It is not possible that it is very cold all the year round in the equator because the temperature is high in equatorial regions
It is not possible that it is very cold all the year round in the equator because the equator is always warm
It is not possible that it is very cold all the year round in the equator because it stays hot near the equator
It is not possible that scissors are used to sew because scissors cannot be used to put needlework together
It is not possible that scissors are used to sew because scissors are used for sew nut cut
It is not possible that scissors are used to sew because scissors cannot be used to sew
It is not possible that highway belongs to private property because everyone can use the highway so it is not private property
It is not possible that highway belongs to private property because anyone can drive on any highway
It is not possible that highway belongs to private property because highways don't go through residentual areas.
It is not possible that a tortoise can race a hair because hair can't race.
It is not possible that a tortoise can race a hair because hairs are inanimate.
It is not possible that a tortoise can race a hair because hair cannot be raced with a tortoise.
It is not possible that you would sate your hanger because you want to live because hanger is not a part of humans' bodies.
It is not possible that you would sate your hanger because you want to live because a hanger is not capable of being sated.
It is not possible that you would sate your hanger because you want to live because hanger cannot be sated to live.
It is not possible that you may find a tooth in your ear because the teeth only grow inside the mouth
It is not possible that you may find a tooth in your ear because teeth are never found in ears.
It is not possible that you may find a tooth in your ear because a tooth can only grow and be found in a mouth.
It is not possible that grass can break because grass can wither, not break.
It is not possible that grass can break because glass can break
It is not possible that grass can break because grass is not breakable.
It is not possible that a dog can read books because no dog has the ability to read.
It is not possible that a dog can read books because dogs cannot read.
It is not possible that a dog can read books because dogs cannot read
It is not possible that the plane went to outer space because the plane don't have equipment to go outer space
It is not possible that the plane went to outer space because a plane is not capable of reaching outer space through normal flight.
It is not possible that the plane went to outer space because plane only went to inner space
It is not possible that a river is a large flow of stone because the river is made up of many waters
It is not possible that a river is a large flow of stone because stones are hard.
It is not possible that a river is a large flow of stone because water flows in rivers
It is not possible that diamond is very cheap because diamonds are precious stones
It is not possible that diamond is very cheap because diamonds cost a lot of money to purchase.
It is not possible that diamond is very cheap because diamond is rare so expensive
It is not possible that dog is a cold-blooded animal because the dog is a warm-blooded animal with body temperature
It is not possible that dog is a cold-blooded animal because dogs are not cold blooded.
It is not possible that dog is a cold-blooded animal because a lizard is a cold-blooded animal.
It is not possible that the baby arrested the suspect because the baby is so small to fight with the suspect.
It is not possible that the baby arrested the suspect because baby's aren't police officiers
It is not possible that the baby arrested the suspect because babies are not allowed to arrest.
It is not possible that sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work because pepper spray is not a kind of body fragrance
It is not possible that sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work because pepper spray is dangerous
It is not possible that sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work because sally uses perfume to get ready for work.
It is not possible that a house has no roof because a roof is a part of a house.
It is not possible that a house has no roof because houses need to have a roof to protect from the elements.
It is not possible that a house has no roof because a house always has a roof
It is not possible that human body temperature is changing because human body temperature is constant at 37 degrees celsius
It is not possible that human body temperature is changing because human body temperature is relatively constant.
It is not possible that human body temperature is changing because the temperature of the human body stays in a relative homeostatic state.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tv in a kitchen because the kitchen is not suitable for watching tv
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tv in a kitchen because the kitchen is a place to eat food.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a tv in a kitchen because you are likely to find a tv in the living room.
It is not possible that you can use a study to take a bath because usually there aren't equipments for bathe in a study.
It is not possible that you can use a study to take a bath because one takes a bath in the bathroom, not the study.
It is not possible that you can use a study to take a bath because water cannot be found in a study.
It is not possible that biologists are sending rockets to the moon because biologists are not very good at physics
It is not possible that biologists are sending rockets to the moon because rockets are being sent to space for research purposes
It is not possible that biologists are sending rockets to the moon because biologists do not have any idea about sending rockets to the moon
It is not possible that a man was pregnant because male almost will not pregnant
It is not possible that a man was pregnant because a man wasn't pregnant
It is not possible that a man was pregnant because a woman was pregnant
It is not possible that there are many trains and flowers in the school because trains should be stopped in the station.
It is not possible that there are many trains and flowers in the school because trains must have tracks, which are outside.
It is not possible that there are many trains and flowers in the school because there are never trains in a school.
It is not possible that pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks because pizza is a western food and westerners don't use chopsticks
It is not possible that pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks because pizza cannot be taken with chopsticks.
It is not possible that pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks because pizza is eaten with hands, not chopsticks.
It is not possible that lions are herbivores because meat provides the lion with enough energy
It is not possible that lions are herbivores because lions eat meat
It is not possible that lions are herbivores because lions eat meat and not herbs.
It is not possible that an earphone can time a race because earphones aren't used for timing.
It is not possible that an earphone can time a race because earphone used for hear something
It is not possible that an earphone can time a race because earphone is not shows the time for race
It is not possible that nobody has birthday because almost everyone has birthday
It is not possible that nobody has birthday because everyone have a birthday
It is not possible that nobody has birthday because nobody you know has a birthday today, there's sure to be maybe millions of people around the world that have one right now though!
It is not possible that criticism is for celebrating a promotion because people won't criticize if they want to celebrate.
It is not possible that criticism is for celebrating a promotion because criticism is usually a negative thing.
It is not possible that criticism is for celebrating a promotion because one does not criticise when he is in the mood for celebration.
It is not possible that you can use water to cook because water can't provide heat.
It is not possible that you can use water to cook because water is not hot enough to cook things
It is not possible that you can use water to cook because you need heat to cook.
It is not possible that snakes played in front of the ship in the sea because snakes always live on land, so they can't play in the sea.
It is not possible that snakes played in front of the ship in the sea because snakes do not live in the ses.
It is not possible that snakes played in front of the ship in the sea because snakes don't frolic in the ocean.
It is not possible that my parents are disappointed at my first prize because parents always happy when their children win the first prize.
It is not possible that my parents are disappointed at my first prize because parents are always proud of their child's accomplishments.
It is not possible that my parents are disappointed at my first prize because my first prize doesn't disappoint my parents.
It is not possible that monet was a tire because monet is a name of a french painter
It is not possible that monet was a tire because monet was a french artist.
It is not possible that monet was a tire because monet is a painter.
It is not possible that people are taller than giraffes because it is impossible for a person to grow taller than a giraffe
It is not possible that people are taller than giraffes because giraffes are dozens of feet tall
It is not possible that people are taller than giraffes because giraffes are the tallest creatures.
It is not possible that the man gave birth because no man is able to give birth.
It is not possible that the man gave birth because men do not have the organs needed to carry a baby.
It is not possible that the man gave birth because only women can give birth.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cooking area in dental office because dental office do not usually have cooking areas
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cooking area in dental office because cooking area no need found  in dental office
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cooking area in dental office because a dentist's office is for teeth cleaning, not a dining establishment.
It is not possible that you can play music with your ball because balls can make sounds, but it can't play music.
It is not possible that you can play music with your ball because a ball is not a musical instrument
It is not possible that you can play music with your ball because ball is not a guitar
It is not possible that mount everest is lower than mount fuji because mount everest is the highest mountain in the world
It is not possible that mount everest is lower than mount fuji because mount everest is taller than mount fuji.
It is not possible that mount everest is lower than mount fuji because mount everest is taller than mount fuji
It is not possible that you can use plastic to make a pillow because plastic is too hard for a comfortable pillow
It is not possible that you can use plastic to make a pillow because plastic would be very loud to sleep on as a pillow
It is not possible that you can use plastic to make a pillow because cotton flattens out really quick.
It is not possible that something you find at a race track is a boat because a boat is in water and does not appear on land for nothing
It is not possible that something you find at a race track is a boat because something you find in a waterway is a boat.
It is not possible that something you find at a race track is a boat because boats are not usually found at race tracks.
It is not possible that you may find a stone in the washing machine because stone can't break the washing machine
It is not possible that you may find a stone in the washing machine because washing machine for wash the cloths
It is not possible that you may find a stone in the washing machine because stone is not a cloth
It is not possible that you want to eat a desk because desk is not use as a kind food
It is not possible that you want to eat a desk because you want to eat a snack? people don't eat desk.
It is not possible that you want to eat a desk because desks are not edible.
It is not possible that plastic contain calcium because there is no calcium in the plastic
It is not possible that plastic contain calcium because plastic is not a living material.
It is not possible that plastic contain calcium because plastic is not a food to contain calcium
It is not possible that something you find in a pond is a horse because horses don't live in ponds
It is not possible that something you find in a pond is a horse because horses do not live in water
It is not possible that something you find in a pond is a horse because horses do not live in ponds.
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone in fresh water because anemones live in salt water such as the ocean, not fresh water
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone in fresh water because anemones are salt water creatures and would not survive in fresh water.
It is not possible that you are likely to find an anemone in fresh water because they are not found in that type.
It is not possible that the quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games because vedio games do not contain much knowledge
It is not possible that the quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games because one cannot gain any knowledge by playing video games.
It is not possible that the quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games because video games are not used to make the quest for knowledge.
It is not possible that i can talk to others without opening my mouth because one of the things you do when you talk to someone is open your mouth.
It is not possible that i can talk to others without opening my mouth because it's not possible to talk without opening one's mouth.
It is not possible that i can talk to others without opening my mouth because you need to open your mouth to produce sounds.
It is not possible that he put the e-mail into the envelope because we use computers to send e-mails
It is not possible that he put the e-mail into the envelope because an e mail is a soft copy of a mail which cannot be put in an envelope.
It is not possible that he put the e-mail into the envelope because letter is not a email
It is not possible that cycling requires balcony because you can't cycle on the balcony.
It is not possible that cycling requires balcony because balcony is not good place for cycling
It is not possible that cycling requires balcony because balconies are too small to ride a bike on
It is not possible that my mother buys a swear for me because nowhere can swear be bought.
It is not possible that my mother buys a swear for me because swears are a form of words that are not worth any money.
It is not possible that my mother buys a swear for me because a swear is a bad word
It is not possible that humans can't survive without ants because people don't need ants to live
It is not possible that humans can't survive without ants because humans can't survive without proper food.
It is not possible that humans can't survive without ants because ants have no use for humans
It is not possible that mark twain is a scientist because mark twain is a writer.
It is not possible that mark twain is a scientist because mark twain was a writer and not a scientist.
It is not possible that mark twain is a scientist because scientist cannot be a mark twain.
It is not possible that we eat many people because human beings are prohibited to eat human beings
It is not possible that we eat many people because it is impossible to eat people
It is not possible that we eat many people because we don't eat people.
It is not possible that doctor stephen strange was a lawyer at the beginning because doctor stephen strange has not studied the knowledge of lawyers
It is not possible that doctor stephen strange was a lawyer at the beginning because lawyer did not turn into the doctor
It is not possible that doctor stephen strange was a lawyer at the beginning because lawyers do not have 'doctor' in front of their names.
It is not possible that you will keep detesting when talking to others because be polite and don't show detest when talking to others
It is not possible that you will keep detesting when talking to others because it is not natural for one to keep detesting while talking.
It is not possible that you will keep detesting when talking to others because people smile when talking to other people they like
It is not possible that cobra belongs to plant because cobra does not have the function of plants
It is not possible that cobra belongs to plant because cobra is a kind of animal
It is not possible that cobra belongs to plant because a cobra is not a plant
It is not possible that you can dance on a table because tables are too vulnerable to be danced on
It is not possible that you can dance on a table because it is dangerous to dance on tables.
It is not possible that you can dance on a table because you dance on the floor.
It is not possible that the duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm because sanitation workers are for keeping the street clean
It is not possible that the duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm because sanitation workers collect garbage
It is not possible that the duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm because sanitation workers clean up garbage
It is not possible that you are likely to find horse in ocean because horses do not live in water
It is not possible that you are likely to find horse in ocean because horses are animals that do not have gills.
It is not possible that you are likely to find horse in ocean because horses are likely to be found on farms and valleys
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory because now the dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory because you are likely to find a mouse connected to a computer.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that you can see the moon during the day because the moon only appears at night.
It is not possible that you can see the moon during the day because moon present in night time
It is not possible that you can see the moon during the day because moon appears during the night only
It is not possible that the sky is yellow because the sky won't appear yellow
It is not possible that the sky is yellow because yellow is not a colour of sky
It is not possible that the sky is yellow because yellow is not the colour of the sky.
It is not possible that lily put on a t-shirt for a ball because t-shirt is not suitable for a ball
It is not possible that lily put on a t-shirt for a ball because a woman is unlikely to wear a tee shirt to a ball.
It is not possible that lily put on a t-shirt for a ball because ball is not a t shirt
It is not possible that giving a gift requires a toy to give it to because normal people don't give gifts to their toys
It is not possible that giving a gift requires a toy to give it to because you don't give gifts to toys
It is not possible that giving a gift requires a toy to give it to because toys are objects.
It is not possible that i can go out without wearing clothes because it's impolite and shameful to go out without wearing clothes.
It is not possible that i can go out without wearing clothes because it's not acceptable to go outside without clothes on.
It is not possible that i can go out without wearing clothes because its shameful matter
It is not possible that stone provides nutrients for plants because nutrients cannot be stored in stones
It is not possible that stone provides nutrients for plants because stone does not contain nutrients
It is not possible that stone provides nutrients for plants because plants get nutrients from soil.
It is not possible that people cry when they are happy because crying is not the way to express happy emotions
It is not possible that people cry when they are happy because tears do not indicate joy.
It is not possible that people cry when they are happy because crying is a sign of sadness, not happiness.
It is not possible that sally's old studios came back to visit her because studios is a working room.
It is not possible that sally's old studios came back to visit her because studios are not alive and can't visit.
It is not possible that sally's old studios came back to visit her because a studio is not able to move.
It is not possible that diamonds may be easily broken because diamonds are made of the hardest substance in the world
It is not possible that diamonds may be easily broken because diamonds are not easily broken
It is not possible that diamonds may be easily broken because diamonds are one of the strongest materials.
It is not possible that you may find a duck on the tree because ducks can't fly on trees
It is not possible that you may find a duck on the tree because duck is not a sparrow
It is not possible that you may find a duck on the tree because ducks belong in water.
It is not possible that people put the garbage can in the basket because the basket is not a place to put garbage
It is not possible that people put the garbage can in the basket because friends make better windows than planes.
It is not possible that people put the garbage can in the basket because garbage cans are too large for baskets.
It is not possible that writing a term paper requires distracted attention because distraction is bad for thinking and writing a term paper
It is not possible that writing a term paper requires distracted attention because if you are distracted, then you can't write the term paper
It is not possible that writing a term paper requires distracted attention because distracted attention would make it hard to write a term paper.
It is not possible that men often wear shorts in winter because men don't wear shorts when it's cold in winter.
It is not possible that men often wear shorts in winter because you get cold if you wear shorts in winter.
It is not possible that men often wear shorts in winter because shorts for summer not winter
It is not possible that jane drank a bottle of oil because people who drink oil directly may die.
It is not possible that jane drank a bottle of oil because oil is poisonous
It is not possible that jane drank a bottle of oil because oil is not something that humans drink.
It is not possible that santa claus sent jim a christmas present because there aren't santa claus in the world.
It is not possible that santa claus sent jim a christmas present because sarah sent jim a christmas present
It is not possible that santa claus sent jim a christmas present because santa claus is not real.
It is not possible that bread is made from sand because sand is too hard and rough to be made into bread.
It is not possible that bread is made from sand because sand is used only in buildings and not in food
It is not possible that bread is made from sand because sand is not for eating
It is not possible that birds can swim because birds can't swim, they fly.
It is not possible that birds can swim because most birds fly
It is not possible that birds can swim because birds are able to fly.
It is not possible that a pen is used for drilling holes because a pen is used for writing and isn't hard enough to drill holes.
It is not possible that a pen is used for drilling holes because a pen is not strong enough to drill holes.
It is not possible that a pen is used for drilling holes because pen is used for writing it is not designed for drilling holes.
It is not possible that flowers and insects have no relationship because flowers and insects can have a symbiotic relationship.
It is not possible that flowers and insects have no relationship because flowers and insects do indeed have a relationship.
It is not possible that flowers and insects have no relationship because insects often live hand-in-hand with flowers in the wild.
It is not possible that you would eat in a  fast food astronaut because an astronaut is not a place to eat.
It is not possible that you would eat in a  fast food astronaut because you can't eat in an astronaut
It is not possible that you would eat in a  fast food astronaut because you could eat an astronaut out but you can't eat inside them, they're a person!
It is not possible that sharks hunt sheep in the sea because sheep do not live in the sea
It is not possible that sharks hunt sheep in the sea because sheep don't live in the sea, they live on land.
It is not possible that sharks hunt sheep in the sea because sheep cant cant swim
It is not possible that coke is made of alcohol because there isn't any alcohol in coke.
It is not possible that coke is made of alcohol because alcohol is not in sodas.
It is not possible that coke is made of alcohol because people of all ages are legally able to drink coke.
It is not possible that an ornamental glass globe might be worthless because ornamental glass globes are so beautiful that people prefer to pay for them
It is not possible that an ornamental glass globe might be worthless because an ornamental glass globe could be worth a lot of money if it's an antique or collectable item
It is not possible that an ornamental glass globe might be worthless because ornamental glass is always wortful
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard because a dolphin cannot live in a barnyard
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard because you are likely to find a dolphin in the ocean
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard because dolphins are sea creatures, whereas chickens are barn animals. dolphins therefore do not live on land, and would only be found living in water.
It is not possible that i drove a ship on the road because ships can only drive on the water.
It is not possible that i drove a ship on the road because ships move on water.
It is not possible that i drove a ship on the road because ships do not have wheels to be compatible with traveling on the road.
It is not possible that mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot because a blanket can keep one warm against low temperature
It is not possible that mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot because flights are cold due to the air conditioner.
It is not possible that mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot because blankets help to keep you warm, so you would only use a blanket if it was cold.
It is not possible that a kid is for leading the country because kid is too navie to lead a country.
It is not possible that a kid is for leading the country because a kid is too young to lead.
It is not possible that a kid is for leading the country because kid is not powerful to leading the country
It is not possible that if you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat because if the red meat is eaten too much, it will cause harm to the body
It is not possible that if you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat because red meat can be unhealthy
It is not possible that if you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat because red meat is not good for health
It is not possible that all rich people are immoral because the immoral rich are only a minority
It is not possible that all rich people are immoral because rich people can do good things.
It is not possible that all rich people are immoral because moral standards vary depending on who you ask.
It is not possible that sally used a life because using a life is unlawful.
It is not possible that sally used a life because a life is not something that can be used.
It is not possible that sally used a life because sally can not use life
It is not possible that jill wrote a message with a branch because branches can't write a message.
It is not possible that jill wrote a message with a branch because branches cannot be used to write.
It is not possible that jill wrote a message with a branch because branch is not a pen
It is not possible that if you want to have a pee then you should find a living room because there is no toilet in a living room to pee
It is not possible that if you want to have a pee then you should find a living room because living room is not a bathroom
It is not possible that if you want to have a pee then you should find a living room because a living room is not a location for peeing.
It is not possible that if you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh because laughing is not the way to rest
It is not possible that if you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh because laughing is not a way to take a rest
It is not possible that if you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh because you need to close your eyes and not laugh to rest.
It is not possible that the picture is looking at me because the picture can't look.
It is not possible that the picture is looking at me because the picture is not a human
It is not possible that the picture is looking at me because the picture does not have eyes.
It is not possible that the origin of christmas in china because christmas is a holiday in western countries and does not originate in china
It is not possible that the origin of christmas in china because china is not the birthplace of christianity.
It is not possible that the origin of christmas in china because christmas is not a festival of china.
It is not possible that something you might do while attending meeting is take a test because do not take the test at the meeting
It is not possible that something you might do while attending meeting is take a test because meeting doesn't has  test
It is not possible that something you might do while attending meeting is take a test because you pay attention in a meeting.
It is not possible that the residents of the moon are very friendly because no one lives on the moon
It is not possible that the residents of the moon are very friendly because life in moon is not discovered yet.
It is not possible that the residents of the moon are very friendly because there is nothing living on the moon.
It is not possible that sugar is a bitter food because people don't feel bitter when eating sugar
It is not possible that sugar is a bitter food because sugar is used to make desserts.
It is not possible that sugar is a bitter food because bitter food is not a sugar.
It is not possible that every single kid loved loudly and fiercely because love isn't measured by voice.
It is not possible that every single kid loved loudly and fiercely because children love jokes and laugh when those jokes are funny.
It is not possible that every single kid loved loudly and fiercely because children do not understand the concept of love outside of their family yet.
It is not possible that informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal because informal reprimand is often used only by stealth
It is not possible that informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal because informal reprimand is only useful outside of official reprisal.
It is not possible that informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal because when being corrected, people need strong motivations to not mess up again.
It is not possible that it is hot in the deep ocean because you will  feel cool when having water around in the ocean.
It is not possible that it is hot in the deep ocean because it is in fact very cold in the deep ocean.
It is not possible that it is hot in the deep ocean because the ocean is cold
It is not possible that i have a living panda because panda is protected by government and belong to nobody
It is not possible that i have a living panda because panda's cannot be kept as pets.
It is not possible that i have a living panda because panda is not an examination
It is not possible that the effect of love is sadness because love aims to bring happiness.
It is not possible that the effect of love is sadness because the effect of love isn't sadness.
It is not possible that the effect of love is sadness because love is a pleasant emotion, not something to be sad over.
It is not possible that he told her a sad story to cheer her up because a sad story will make her feel worse.
It is not possible that he told her a sad story to cheer her up because people aren't likely to be cheered up by a sad story.
It is not possible that he told her a sad story to cheer her up because sad stories make people cry.
It is not possible that teenagers can often carry guns because it's illegal for teenagers to carry guns.
It is not possible that teenagers can often carry guns because teenages can't legally own guns
It is not possible that teenagers can often carry guns because teenagers doesn't need to carry guns
It is not possible that restaurant can help people cure illness because restaurants are places to eat not to heal
It is not possible that restaurant can help people cure illness because restaurants are for eating
It is not possible that restaurant can help people cure illness because people eat at restaurants.
It is not possible that the first planet in the solar system is venus because mercury is closest to the sun throughout the solar system
It is not possible that the first planet in the solar system is venus because venus is the second planet in our solar system
It is not possible that the first planet in the solar system is venus because the first planet is mercury
It is not possible that i never eat anything because a man alive must eat.
It is not possible that i never eat anything because you have to eat to live.
It is not possible that i never eat anything because one must eat in order to sustain life.
It is not possible that a restaurant provides access to medical care because a restaurant provides food, not medical care.
It is not possible that a restaurant provides access to medical care because restaurant is not a hospital
It is not possible that a restaurant provides access to medical care because a restaurant provides food, not medical care
It is not possible that they will make cats because cats are not man made.
It is not possible that they will make cats because people can not make a cat
It is not possible that they will make cats because people do not make cats, cats do.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples because apple isn't a kind of vegetables
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples because an apple is a fruit.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples because an apple is a fruit and not a vegetable.
It is not possible that jack used a book to cut the cake because books aren't sharp enough to cut cakes.
It is not possible that jack used a book to cut the cake because books are meant to be read
It is not possible that jack used a book to cut the cake because a book is not sharp enough to cut a cake.
It is not possible that the father gave his boy a cigarette because a boy can't smoke.
It is not possible that the father gave his boy a cigarette because a father should not give his son a cigarette
It is not possible that the father gave his boy a cigarette because boys should not smoke.
It is not possible that washing your clothes requires fire because fire can make clothes burn
It is not possible that washing your clothes requires fire because washing clothes does not require fire.
It is not possible that washing your clothes requires fire because fire would destroy clothing.
It is not possible that bob bought the milk in a police office because police office doesn't sell milk.
It is not possible that bob bought the milk in a police office because police stations do not sell milk.
It is not possible that bob bought the milk in a police office because police office is not a place to bought milk
It is not possible that suicide is forced because suicide is an act of self-activation
It is not possible that suicide is forced because if suicide is forced, it is murder.
It is not possible that suicide is forced because suicide means kill by itself
It is not possible that a chef can mean to heal because the cook's job is to cook not healing
It is not possible that a chef can mean to heal because a chef means to cook.
It is not possible that a chef can mean to heal because chefs make food they do not cure illness
It is not possible that a seed can germinate without water because water is a necessary condition for seed germination
It is not possible that a seed can germinate without water because seeds need water to survive
It is not possible that a seed can germinate without water because seeds need water in order to grow into a living organism.
It is not possible that our maths is taught by a pe teacher because mmath classes are usually taught by math teachers
It is not possible that our maths is taught by a pe teacher because pe teachers do not teach math.
It is not possible that our maths is taught by a pe teacher because math is taught by a mathematics teacher.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the web then you should open a word document because you can't surf the web through your word document.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the web then you should open a word document because word document is not a browser to surf
It is not possible that if you want to surf the web then you should open a word document because a word document is internal on your computer, not connected to the internet.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop because the dinosaurs are extinct and they are no longer visible
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that you are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop because dinosaurs are believed to be extinct.
It is not possible that a pervert can offer candy to children because pervert don't give candy to children
It is not possible that a pervert can offer candy to children because a pervert will not offer candy to children.
It is not possible that a pervert can offer candy to children because children should not take candy from anyone.
It is not possible that playing a harp is for annoying an audience because audiences are ususlly entertained to see someone play a harp.
It is not possible that playing a harp is for annoying an audience because harp is very entertaining
It is not possible that playing a harp is for annoying an audience because an audience enjoy listening to the harp.
It is not possible that there are many aliens in china because there aren't aliens in the world.
It is not possible that there are many aliens in china because there are no aliens anywhere on earth.
It is not possible that there are many aliens in china because extra terrestrials are not real.
It is not possible that a renter can raise the rent because a renter cannot decide the rent.
It is not possible that a renter can raise the rent because renter only can pay rent
It is not possible that a renter can raise the rent because the renter is expected to raise the rent
It is not possible that chocolate can be made from gold bar because a gold bar is not a food ingredient
It is not possible that chocolate can be made from gold bar because chocolate is not made from a metal.
It is not possible that chocolate can be made from gold bar because gold bar cannot be used to make chocolate.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cat in ocean because cats do not feed on ocean lives
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cat in ocean because a cat cannot live in water.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a cat in ocean because cat not found in ocean
It is not possible that it helps mark the rail so we don't get lost because we won'get lost if led by rail.
It is not possible that it helps mark the rail so we don't get lost because rail doesn't show correct path
It is not possible that it helps mark the rail so we don't get lost because if you have a rail to hold you can not get lost.
It is not possible that a dog must do the housework because no dog can do the housework.
It is not possible that a dog must do the housework because dog is not a person
It is not possible that a dog must do the housework because dogs do not have opposible thumbs to do housework.
It is not possible that you may see a stone in the bowl because stone can't be eaten
It is not possible that you may see a stone in the bowl because stones are not kept in bowls.
It is not possible that you may see a stone in the bowl because stones are not typically found within bowls.
It is not possible that you would get paid because you want to sleep because sleeping doesn't make you pay
It is not possible that you would get paid because you want to sleep because most people don't get paid to sleep.
It is not possible that you would get paid because you want to sleep because people sleep everyday so there is no reason to get paid for it
It is not possible that having lunch is for getting fat because we don't take in fat on our own initiative for the sake of our health.
It is not possible that having lunch is for getting fat because you do not want to eat such a big lunch that you get fat.
It is not possible that having lunch is for getting fat because lunch is generally a low calorie meal.
It is not possible that we cooked the barn because the barn is not the normal ingredients
It is not possible that we cooked the barn because the barn would burn down
It is not possible that we cooked the barn because a barn is not something that people cook.
It is not possible that i rode a tiger home because tigers are too dangerous to ride.
It is not possible that i rode a tiger home because tigers are not domesticated.
It is not possible that i rode a tiger home because people do not usually ride tigers.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking because one cannot cook meals with broken utensils
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking because cooking utensils do not need to be broken.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking because it's not fun to break utensils and have to replace them.
It is not possible that we answer a notice because notice is no need to answer
It is not possible that we answer a notice because we display notices
It is not possible that we answer a notice because only questions can be answered
It is not possible that pattie flew on a plane to the mars because plane is not a good vihicle to the mars
It is not possible that pattie flew on a plane to the mars because mars is not in earth
It is not possible that pattie flew on a plane to the mars because you cannot take a plane to mars, yet.
It is not possible that edun didn't want to go on a bike because people ride a bike.
It is not possible that edun didn't want to go on a bike because people usually love to go on a bike.
It is not possible that edun didn't want to go on a bike because edut does not want to go on a bike.
It is not possible that the effect of hiking is seeing supermarket because hiking in the wild usually does not see a supermarket
It is not possible that the effect of hiking is seeing supermarket because not need to be hike for seeing supermarket
It is not possible that the effect of hiking is seeing supermarket because no need to hike to see supermarket
It is not possible that jack's breakfast is stone because stone can't eat
It is not possible that jack's breakfast is stone because stone is not a breakfast ingredient.
It is not possible that jack's breakfast is stone because stone is not an ideal breakfast item
It is not possible that my robot and i like going hiking because robots have no feelings.
It is not possible that my robot and i like going hiking because robots are emotionless.
It is not possible that my robot and i like going hiking because robots generally do not have the capacity to feel emotions such as "liking."
It is not possible that henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work because it would take more time to go to metrol station from a house far away
It is not possible that henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work because something far away is not convenient.
It is not possible that henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work because it would not be convenient to travel very far to take a metro to work.
It is not possible that a credit card wallet is taller and narrower than a4 paper because a credit card wallet's width and height is smaller than an  a4 paper's
It is not possible that a credit card wallet is taller and narrower than a4 paper because a credit card wallet is shorther and narrower than a4 paper
It is not possible that a credit card wallet is taller and narrower than a4 paper because a credit card wallet is small and a4 paper is larger, thinner and not used to carry credit cards.
It is not possible that drinking more liquor is good for health because water is an important substance for human
It is not possible that drinking more liquor is good for health because liquor is a damaging substance, which has little health benefit. it could be considered a drug, is hard on your liver and has little beneficial qualities.
It is not possible that drinking more liquor is good for health because too much liquor can be very bad for your body.
It is not possible that sleeping is good exercise because sleeping is not a way of exercising
It is not possible that sleeping is good exercise because sleeping is not a form of exercise.
It is not possible that sleeping is good exercise because a person cannot intentionally move while sleeping
It is not possible that tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money because the zoo has no withdrawal service
It is not possible that tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money because you can not get money from a zoo.
It is not possible that tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money because the zoo is not for withdrawing money, a bank is.
It is not possible that he took his mother to outer space because it's not easy for people to go to outer space
It is not possible that he took his mother to outer space because so far only governments have taken people to space.
It is not possible that he took his mother to outer space because most people do not go to outer space
It is not possible that you can buy a chair in an electronics store because no sale of chairs in the electronics store
It is not possible that you can buy a chair in an electronics store because chairs usually do not contain electronics.
It is not possible that you can buy a chair in an electronics store because chair cannot buy in an electronic store.
It is not possible that second is the unit of measure of length because second is the unit of measure of time
It is not possible that second is the unit of measure of length because second is not a unit of length
It is not possible that second is the unit of measure of length because second is not the unit of measure of length.
It is not possible that spit apple skin when eating grapes because there isn't apple skin if you don't eat apples.
It is not possible that spit apple skin when eating grapes because grapes do not have apple skin.
It is not possible that spit apple skin when eating grapes because grapes does not have apple skin.
It is not possible that cat has wings because the cat has no wings and can't fly
It is not possible that cat has wings because cats do not fly.
It is not possible that cat has wings because cats never have wings.
It is not possible that the computer can fly because the computer is not live and impossible to fly.
It is not possible that the computer can fly because a computer is not designed to fly.
It is not possible that the computer can fly because computer is use as calculating machine,it does not fly.
It is not possible that crush injuries made him strong because ususlly people don't get strong from crush injuries.
It is not possible that crush injuries made him strong because injuries are harmful
It is not possible that crush injuries made him strong because crush injuries will not make him strong.
It is not possible that he exercised by playing the piano because playing the piano is not a way to exercise.
It is not possible that he exercised by playing the piano because playing piano is not a strenuous workout
It is not possible that he exercised by playing the piano because you are sitting down playing a piano
It is not possible that you must go to tianjin if you want to visit the forbidden city because the forbidden city is in the center of beijing.
It is not possible that you must go to tianjin if you want to visit the forbidden city because tianjin is not in the direction you would need to go to get to the forbidden city.
It is not possible that you must go to tianjin if you want to visit the forbidden city because tianjin is not for visit forbidden city
It is not possible that the shoes in the bookstore are on sale because the bookstore doesn't sell shoes
It is not possible that the shoes in the bookstore are on sale because bookstores don't sell shoes.
It is not possible that the shoes in the bookstore are on sale because bookstore doesn't has shoes
It is not possible that the turtle has a shorter life than a dog because turtles can last for hundreds of years
It is not possible that the turtle has a shorter life than a dog because turtles live up to 80 years and dogs do not.
It is not possible that the turtle has a shorter life than a dog because turtles can have life spans reaching over 100 years old.
It is not possible that ancient chinese like drinking milky tea because there isn't milky tea in the ancient china.
It is not possible that ancient chinese like drinking milky tea because milk makes tea taste different.
It is not possible that ancient chinese like drinking milky tea because ancient chinese do not add milk to their tea.
It is not possible that members of religions often take oasis because oasis is a watery area in the desert.
It is not possible that members of religions often take oasis because an oasis is a region in the desert and not a religious ritual.
It is not possible that members of religions often take oasis because an oasis is not something taken by a religious person.
It is not possible that phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday because a rocket is not a commuting vehicle
It is not possible that phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday because it is impossible to take rockets to work daily
It is not possible that phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday because a rocket is very big. it can not be carried from one place to another easily.
It is not possible that a relative is a person who lives near you because a relative is someone who have a blood relationship with you.
It is not possible that a relative is a person who lives near you because relative may be not lives near you
It is not possible that a relative is a person who lives near you because relatives can live far away.
It is not possible that she foot was on the steering wheel because she has to use her hands to control the steering wheel instead of the feet
It is not possible that she foot was on the steering wheel because people do not usually drive with there feet on the steering wheel.
It is not possible that she foot was on the steering wheel because steering operate by hand
It is not possible that you can  usually find a tiger at a hospital because the tiger usually lives in the wild.
It is not possible that you can  usually find a tiger at a hospital because tigers are found in the wild or in zoos
It is not possible that you can  usually find a tiger at a hospital because you can usually find a patient at a hospital and a tiger in the wild.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you perform is jumping because no one jumps after a performance.
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you perform is jumping because no readon to jump
It is not possible that the last thing you do when you perform is jumping because the last thing you do when you perform is leave the stage.
It is not possible that people watch television for sleep because television can't solve people's sleep problems
It is not possible that people watch television for sleep because one cannot  get sleep while watching t.v.
It is not possible that people watch television for sleep because people watch television for entertainment.
It is not possible that stone can hatch chicks because stone does not have the life characteristics of chicken
It is not possible that stone can hatch chicks because stones are not animals
It is not possible that stone can hatch chicks because chicks does not hatches in stone.
It is not possible that the stone was pricked by a needle because stones are too hard to be pricked.
It is not possible that the stone was pricked by a needle because a stone is made of impervious hard material and can't be pricked by a needle.
It is not possible that the stone was pricked by a needle because stones are solid and cannot be pierced
It is not possible that einstein discovered gravity because newton observed the apple landing and discovered the gravitation
It is not possible that einstein discovered gravity because einstein was in fact a genius!
It is not possible that einstein discovered gravity because einstein came after newton.
It is not possible that newton invented the light bulb because newton has not seen the light bulb
It is not possible that newton invented the light bulb because newton discovered gravity, not light bulbs.
It is not possible that newton invented the light bulb because newton discovered the ideas of gravity and force.
It is not possible that pizza is considered a foot food because foot is not use to get food
It is not possible that pizza is considered a foot food because pizza is not a foot food.
It is not possible that pizza is considered a foot food because not found foot food
It is not possible that fiber optics is often used to take care of body because fiber optics is a kind of optical material without the effect of taking care of body
It is not possible that fiber optics is often used to take care of body because fiber optics is not used in the body.
It is not possible that fiber optics is often used to take care of body because fiber optics are not used to take care of the body.
It is not possible that you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion because a competetion has too much tension for celebration
It is not possible that you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion because competition is the wrong kind of event for celebrating
It is not possible that you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion because having a baby is not a reason for a competition.
It is not possible that the egret is a land animal because egret can live in river
It is not possible that the egret is a land animal because land animal is not the egret.
It is not possible that the egret is a land animal because an egret can live only in water.
It is not possible that the stone can float on the water because the density of the stone is bigger than the water
It is not possible that the stone can float on the water because stones will sink in water
It is not possible that the stone can float on the water because stones are not bueyont.
It is not possible that a discotheque is for bathing because a discotheque is not a place to bathe
It is not possible that a discotheque is for bathing because discotheques require clothing.
It is not possible that a discotheque is for bathing because baths are not permitted at the discotheque.
It is not possible that some chemistry can harm people because chemistry is just a subject.
It is not possible that some chemistry can harm people because chemistry has been very beneficial to medical development.
It is not possible that some chemistry can harm people because chemistry is a subject and it can not harm people
It is not possible that the indian ocean is small because the indian ocean accounts for a large area of the earth
It is not possible that the indian ocean is small because oceans are always a huge body of water.
It is not possible that the indian ocean is small because the indian ocean is one of the biggest oceans on earth.
It is not possible that david swam from china to america in two days because the distance from china to america is too far to swim across in two days
It is not possible that david swam from china to america in two days because it is impossible to swam from china to america
It is not possible that david swam from china to america in two days because swimming requires lot of manual effort that's why its lot slower and not possible to swim such long distances.
It is not possible that he catches some horses in the ocean because horse doesn't live in the ocean.
It is not possible that he catches some horses in the ocean because horses must live on land
It is not possible that he catches some horses in the ocean because horses is not a fish to catch
It is not possible that love can give didespair because love is a symbol of hope
It is not possible that love can give didespair because didespair is not a word.
It is not possible that love can give didespair because love is not usually a source of despair.
It is not possible that something you find inside is a tree because the tree grows outside because it is very tall
It is not possible that something you find inside is a tree because trees grow outside, not inside
It is not possible that something you find inside is a tree because trees are found outside not inside.
It is not possible that jeff gave his girlfriend a lose because lose isn't a good present for people.
It is not possible that jeff gave his girlfriend a lose because you can't give someone a lose
It is not possible that jeff gave his girlfriend a lose because a lose is not a physical object capable of being given to someone.
It is not possible that a deaf man can listen to music because deaf people can't hear any sound.
It is not possible that a deaf man can listen to music because deaf people can't hear.
It is not possible that a deaf man can listen to music because a deaf man cannot hear
It is not possible that santa claus is the legend of the east because the origin of christmas is not in the east
It is not possible that santa claus is the legend of the east because santa claus livie in west
It is not possible that santa claus is the legend of the east because santa claus is the legend of the west
It is not possible that stones taste great with cream cheese because no one is willing to taste stones.
It is not possible that stones taste great with cream cheese because you can't digest stones so you shouldn't eat them
It is not possible that stones taste great with cream cheese because you cannot eat stones
It is not possible that the higher the rent is, the better it is for the tenant because a tenant would like to rent house with lower rent
It is not possible that the higher the rent is, the better it is for the tenant because some people simply can not afford higher rent
It is not possible that the higher the rent is, the better it is for the tenant because the more money a tenant has to pay the less they have for other necessities of life.
It is not possible that my brother's company requires employees to wear slipperies during work because slipperies are informal at workplace
It is not possible that my brother's company requires employees to wear slipperies during work because slipperies is not a word so no one can be required to wear one.
It is not possible that my brother's company requires employees to wear slipperies during work because slippers is not necessary to wear during work
It is not possible that a singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad because bad music is hard to please listerners
It is not possible that a singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad because people do not like bad songs.
It is not possible that a singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad because popular singers should have catchy songs.
It is not possible that a garage has at least two doors because there are many garages have just one door
It is not possible that a garage has at least two doors because garages don't always have a minimum of two doors.
It is not possible that a garage has at least two doors because a garage can have multiple doors
It is not possible that you are likely to find dogs in an office because dogs are usually forbidden from office building
It is not possible that you are likely to find dogs in an office because dogs are not likely to be in an office
It is not possible that you are likely to find dogs in an office because dogs are not office equipment
It is not possible that mr. smith is on the phone with his pet because pets can't make phone calls
It is not possible that mr. smith is on the phone with his pet because a person is unlikely to use a phone to speak to their pet.
It is not possible that mr. smith is on the phone with his pet because pet doesn't has phone
It is not possible that cat and mouse are friends because cats eat mice so they are enemies
It is not possible that cat and mouse are friends because a mouse is considered prey for a cat.
It is not possible that cat and mouse are friends because a mouse is scared of a cat because cats often attack mice.
It is not possible that this watermelon came from glaciers because watermelons grow from soil in normal cases.
It is not possible that this watermelon came from glaciers because watermelon do not grow in glaciers
It is not possible that this watermelon came from glaciers because the water came from glaciers
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ghost because ghost has no shape
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ghost because ghost cannot found like you.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a ghost because not many people claim to have encountered a ghost.
It is not possible that we hold a wedding party for someone's birthday because we hold a wedding party only for those who are ready to get married.
It is not possible that we hold a wedding party for someone's birthday because if it's a wedding party then it would not be a birthday party they are different
It is not possible that we hold a wedding party for someone's birthday because birthday is not a wedding day
It is not possible that you may find an anteater in the forest because the anteater is extinct
It is not possible that you may find an anteater in the forest because anteaters are not forest animals.
It is not possible that you may find an anteater in the forest because forest is not a place where anteater don't live.
It is not possible that george is a racist. george loved his mexican supervisor because a racist is one who makes negative judgements about people who are different
It is not possible that george is a racist. george loved his mexican supervisor because racists do not like people of who are not of their own ethnic background.
It is not possible that george is a racist. george loved his mexican supervisor because a racist generally is equated with hate, not love.
It is not possible that you would go to a swimming pool for dinner because there are no dinner served in a swimming pool.
It is not possible that you would go to a swimming pool for dinner because swimming pool for swim
It is not possible that you would go to a swimming pool for dinner because there is no food at swimming pools
It is not possible that a one-legged person needn't boot because the foot of a one-legged person need to be protect
It is not possible that a one-legged person needn't boot because whether or not one should "boot" has nothing to do with whether the person has one leg or two.
It is not possible that a one-legged person needn't boot because a one legged person can't need boot
It is not possible that amy taught her dog to shake teeth because amy's teeth cannot be shaken, and nor the dog's
It is not possible that amy taught her dog to shake teeth because dogs can not shake there teeth
It is not possible that amy taught her dog to shake teeth because shaking teeth is not a trick people teach to dogs.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie because a classic concert does not play movies.
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie because concert is not a movie
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie because classical concert contain music only
It is not possible that an activity you can do is to hurt people because hurting people is illegal
It is not possible that an activity you can do is to hurt people because hurting people is not a nice thing to do.
It is not possible that an activity you can do is to hurt people because hurting people is not a recommended activity.
It is not possible that we felt very full after we left the gym because we will cost energy when we in the gym,so we won't be full.
It is not possible that we felt very full after we left the gym because gym is not a place to be felt full.
It is not possible that we felt very full after we left the gym because gym for workout
It is not possible that when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals grasped because animals can't grasp each other.
It is not possible that when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals grasped because when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals stared.
It is not possible that when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals grasped because all the animals are scared of them so they will not grasp.
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west every day because the direction of rotation of the earth is from west to east
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west every day because according to science sun always rises from east
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west every day because the sun doesn't rises in west
It is not possible that aprons keep out the rain because apron is mainly to prevent dirty not rain
It is not possible that aprons keep out the rain because most aprons absorb water and are not used as weather protection.
It is not possible that aprons keep out the rain because aprons are worn in the kitchen to protect your clothes from getting baking ingredients on them.
It is not possible that a moving sidewalk is for swimming because moving sidewalks don't store water and you can't swim
It is not possible that a moving sidewalk is for swimming because one cannot go swimming on a moving sidewalk.
It is not possible that a moving sidewalk is for swimming because a sidewalk does not have enough water to swim.
It is not possible that waste water is drinkable because waste water is harmful and cannot be drunk directly
It is not possible that waste water is drinkable because it's not safe to drink waste water.
It is not possible that waste water is drinkable because waste water is considered not potable, in other words not suitable for drinking, or using to clean, wash or perform daily hygienic tasks with.
It is not possible that sleeping is for exchanging ideas because sleeping is for relaxing, not sharing.
It is not possible that sleeping is for exchanging ideas because sleeping is for getting rest.
It is not possible that sleeping is for exchanging ideas because people do not communicate with others in their sleep
It is not possible that if you want to survive on a deserted island, you need to find money because money do not necessarily work on a deserted island
It is not possible that if you want to survive on a deserted island, you need to find money because if an island is deserted, it would generally not contain inhabitants to exchange money with.
It is not possible that if you want to survive on a deserted island, you need to find money because if no one else is on the island, money is worthless.
It is not possible that all students play with computers because some students use their computers for work too.
It is not possible that all students play with computers because many students don't have computers.
It is not possible that all students play with computers because computers are not accessible to everybody due to costs.
It is not possible that wash your feet before eating because people don't eat with their feet
It is not possible that wash your feet before eating because washing your feet is not necessary before eating.
It is not possible that wash your feet before eating because feet not used for eating
It is not possible that the baby crawled when he was born because a new-born baby can't crawl.
It is not possible that the baby crawled when he was born because a baby doesn't crawl until later on.
It is not possible that the baby crawled when he was born because babies cannot crawl at birth
It is not possible that drinking would make you want to empty your stomach because the stomach is not the last organ of the human body to store water
It is not possible that drinking would make you want to empty your stomach because your body gets rid of extra liquid through the bladder.
It is not possible that drinking would make you want to empty your stomach because liquid beverages are considered refreshments.
It is not possible that you walk around when watching a play in a theater because it's impolite to walk around in a theater.
It is not possible that you walk around when watching a play in a theater because you sit in a seat when watching a play in a theater
It is not possible that you walk around when watching a play in a theater because walking around a theater would make a lot of noise.
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people because people who wage war are more ruthless and don't want to kiss people
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people because war doesn't show love
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people because we kiss people we love.
It is not possible that something you find at a wedding is rocket because rocket base can't be used to hold a wedding
It is not possible that something you find at a wedding is rocket because rockets do not belong at weddings.
It is not possible that something you find at a wedding is rocket because rocket is not to find in a wedding
It is not possible that iron man is a male hero in the marvel universe because iron man's wife gave birth to a daughter
It is not possible that iron man is a male hero in the marvel universe because iron man has always been a man
It is not possible that iron man is a male hero in the marvel universe because iron man is not a female hero.
It is not possible that the bomb is made of wood because wood is not the raw material for making bombs
It is not possible that the bomb is made of wood because wood does not explode.
It is not possible that the bomb is made of wood because bombs have to be made of explosive material.
It is not possible that i want to buy a child because it's illegal and immoral to buy a child.
It is not possible that i want to buy a child because children are not for sale.
It is not possible that i want to buy a child because it is illegal to purchase a child
It is not possible that stones can have freckles because stones don't hace live so they can't have freckles.
It is not possible that stones can have freckles because stones is not a children
It is not possible that stones can have freckles because stones aren't human.
It is not possible that jewelry is worthless because jewelry is very rare, so it is very valuable
It is not possible that jewelry is worthless because jewelry is is expensive.
It is not possible that jewelry is worthless because jewelry is valuable because of diamonds and gold
It is not possible that wine is solid because the raw material of the wine is water
It is not possible that wine is solid because wine is a liquid substance.
It is not possible that wine is solid because you can't drink a solid.
It is not possible that the effect of howling with cry is joy within because crying can't bring people happiness
It is not possible that the effect of howling with cry is joy within because when you howl when you're crying it is not joyous
It is not possible that the effect of howling with cry is joy within because "cry" is not an emotion that one can howl with, nor does it represent joy.
It is not possible that an actor plays games in a play because an actor is not allowed to play games in a serious play.
It is not possible that an actor plays games in a play because a play is a story told by acting it out.
It is not possible that an actor plays games in a play because plays are not a form of entertainment that inherently involves games.
It is not possible that fish likes cats because it's dangerous for fish likes cats
It is not possible that fish likes cats because there is no evidence to suggest that , moreover fishes are eaten by cats not vice versa.
It is not possible that fish likes cats because fish live in water
It is not possible that babies have no mother because all babies have a mother by blood.
It is not possible that babies have no mother because without mother no babies born
It is not possible that babies have no mother because mothers are currently required for the production of human babies.
It is not possible that there are many tomato soap in the bowl because soap can't be put in the bowl.
It is not possible that there are many tomato soap in the bowl because there is no such thing as tomato soap.
It is not possible that there are many tomato soap in the bowl because tomato soup is real tomatoe soap is not real
It is not possible that sandy grew up on the moon because the moon is not suitable for humans living
It is not possible that sandy grew up on the moon because no one has ever grown up on the moon.
It is not possible that sandy grew up on the moon because there are no people living on the moon
It is not possible that pamela drove in the border because it is a wrong words in the border
It is not possible that pamela drove in the border because pamela cannot drove in the border
It is not possible that pamela drove in the border because you cannot drive a border
It is not possible that a rear courtyard is in front of a building because the rear courtyard is usually built behind the building
It is not possible that a rear courtyard is in front of a building because courtyard is mostly in front of a bulding
It is not possible that a rear courtyard is in front of a building because a rear courtyard is not in front of a building
It is not possible that janice fry a birthday cake because fry is not a good way to make a birthday cake
It is not possible that janice fry a birthday cake because you can't fry a birthday cake.
It is not possible that janice fry a birthday cake because people have birthday cake during a birthday.
It is not possible that jane put the notes recorded on a leaf because it's unsafe and inefficient to put notes on the leaf.
It is not possible that jane put the notes recorded on a leaf because notes cannot be recorded on a leaf.
It is not possible that jane put the notes recorded on a leaf because notes are not usually written on a leaf.
It is not possible that lightning struck the sun because the distance between lightning and the sun is too far to struck the sun
It is not possible that lightning struck the sun because lightning can't strike out into space
It is not possible that lightning struck the sun because the sun is not out when there is lightning.
It is not possible that a dental office is for physical examination because dental office don't provide a complete set of medical examination.
It is not possible that a dental office is for physical examination because a family practice doctor gives a physical examination.
It is not possible that a dental office is for physical examination because a doctor's office is for physical examinations and check ups.
It is not possible that almost anyone can master foreign language because in the world people who master foreign language are less than 50%
It is not possible that almost anyone can master foreign language because foreign languages are difficult for most to learn.
It is not possible that almost anyone can master foreign language because not everyone can master foreign language.
It is not possible that movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment because scenery is the best one to help an audience visualize the simulated environment rather than movie
It is not possible that movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment because movie may not stimulate environment
It is not possible that movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment because scenery is created for a movie to help people get a sense of where the storyline takes place.
It is not possible that something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game because stone can't be used to play games
It is not possible that something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game because a stone is not a tool for better game playing.
It is not possible that something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game because stones are not used in the game
It is not possible that you need a fork to eat soup because a fork can't hold the soup.
It is not possible that you need a fork to eat soup because you should use a spoon to eat soup because a fork can't hold liquid.
It is not possible that you need a fork to eat soup because a fork can not contain soup
It is not possible that the brain stores water because water cannot enter the brain
It is not possible that the brain stores water because the brain has some water but it doesn't store it.
It is not possible that the brain stores water because the brain's purpose is to think
It is not possible that you may find a train in the sky because the train will fall in the sky
It is not possible that you may find a train in the sky because trains cannot fly in the sky.
It is not possible that you may find a train in the sky because trains can only be driven on railroad tracks
It is not possible that the car needs the track to drive because car needs to be on the road
It is not possible that the car needs the track to drive because most cars do not having tracking technology
It is not possible that the car needs the track to drive because cars are driven on open roads.
It is not possible that cauliflower is a vegetarian because vegetarians are who doesn't eat meat.
It is not possible that cauliflower is a vegetarian because cauliflower is classified as a vegetable.
It is not possible that cauliflower is a vegetarian because only people can be vegetarian
It is not possible that oscar got a clever tire because clever can not use as a adjective for tire
It is not possible that oscar got a clever tire because tires do not have intelligence
It is not possible that oscar got a clever tire because a tire is not a human to be clever.
It is not possible that a rabbit can run because rabbit can only jump, but not run.
It is not possible that a rabbit can run because usually we use the word 'hop' to describe a rabbit's gait
It is not possible that a rabbit can run because rabbits usually hop and don't run.
It is not possible that we can see the sun tonight because sun can not be seen at night.
It is not possible that we can see the sun tonight because the sun is only out during the day.
It is not possible that we can see the sun tonight because sun cannot see in the night.
It is not possible that bee collecting honey on a stone because there is no honey on the stone
It is not possible that bee collecting honey on a stone because a stone is not a hollow object to collect honey.
It is not possible that bee collecting honey on a stone because stone is not a flower
It is not possible that one can open a plate because plate cannot be closed
It is not possible that one can open a plate because plates are flat.
It is not possible that one can open a plate because plates don't open
It is not possible that a stone can be used for eating because a stone is too hard to eat.
It is not possible that a stone can be used for eating because stones have no use if you want to eat.
It is not possible that a stone can be used for eating because stones do not provide nutrition
It is not possible that john ran around the ship's poop, and fell in because people can't run on the ship's poop.
It is not possible that john ran around the ship's poop, and fell in because a ship doesn't usually feature a big pile of poop.
It is not possible that john ran around the ship's poop, and fell in because poop is highest desk of a ship
It is not possible that we will laugh when we see a tragedy because most people will feel sad when they see a tragedy.
It is not possible that we will laugh when we see a tragedy because when we see a tragedy we will cry.
It is not possible that we will laugh when we see a tragedy because people don't laugh at tragedy
It is not possible that a thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie because a movie might not help a traveler in a new place
It is not possible that a thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie because a movie would not help someone when they are traveling to another country.
It is not possible that a thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie because movies is not necessary to travelling another country
It is not possible that jane doesn't know her birthday because it's weird for someone who doesn't know his birthday.
It is not possible that jane doesn't know her birthday because everyone should know their birthday
It is not possible that jane doesn't know her birthday because everyone knows when they are born since it is on all their documentation.
It is not possible that telephones can require water to work because water can not afford power to telephones
It is not possible that telephones can require water to work because water would short out a telephone.
It is not possible that telephones can require water to work because electricity and water do not work well together.
It is not possible that will had climbed many more monitors because no one can stand on a monitor.
It is not possible that will had climbed many more monitors because you would break a monitor if you climbed on it.
It is not possible that will had climbed many more monitors because monitors are not generally used for climbing and may crush under the weight of a human.
It is not possible that the preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer's qualification certificate because doctor can't get lawyer's qualification certificate
It is not possible that the preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer's qualification certificate because doctors have to go to medical school for their education and preparation.
It is not possible that the preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer's qualification certificate because doctor is not a person to get a lawyer's qualification certificate.
It is not possible that dressing nice can disturb people because people always want to see others dress nice.
It is not possible that dressing nice can disturb people because nice means it would be pleasant for them
It is not possible that dressing nice can disturb people because dressing very messy is disturbing, but very nice is not.
It is not possible that if you want to take a course then you should go the toilet because the toilet is used for excretion
It is not possible that if you want to take a course then you should go the toilet because toilet is not a place to take a course
It is not possible that if you want to take a course then you should go the toilet because toilet is meant only for excretion
It is not possible that a man lived on the moon because no man can live on the moon by now.
It is not possible that a man lived on the moon because a man should can't live in the moon.
It is not possible that a man lived on the moon because people can't live on the moon
It is not possible that northerners wear t-shirts outdoors in winter because it's cold outdoors in the north in winter
It is not possible that northerners wear t-shirts outdoors in winter because winter is very cool in northern
It is not possible that northerners wear t-shirts outdoors in winter because it is too cold to do this in the north.
It is not possible that lisa taught john how to breath because everyone knows how to breath
It is not possible that lisa taught john how to breath because breath is not a read
It is not possible that lisa taught john how to breath because breath is natural
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book because no need to take a book when sleeping
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book because cannot do anything when sleep
It is not possible that one of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book because a book would fall out of your hand if you were asleep.
It is not possible that groves can be used to protect your hands because no one use groves to protect their hands.
It is not possible that groves can be used to protect your hands because groves are not clothing
It is not possible that groves can be used to protect your hands because a grove is a group of trees.
It is not possible that wood can conduct electricity because wood is an insulator that is not conductive
It is not possible that wood can conduct electricity because electricity does not flow through wood.
It is not possible that wood can conduct electricity because wood is an insulator.
It is not possible that jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast because soy sauce is too salty for bread
It is not possible that jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast because soy sauce would make the bread fall apart.
It is not possible that jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast because soy sauce is not perfect for bread
It is not possible that you find a planet around in bedroom because planets are in space rather than bedroom
It is not possible that you find a planet around in bedroom because planet bigger than bedroom
It is not possible that you find a planet around in bedroom because it is physically impossible to fit a planet in my bedroom.
It is not possible that the plant is yellow because plants are green because they have chlorophyll
It is not possible that the plant is yellow because plants require chlorophyll.
It is not possible that the plant is yellow because the color of the plant is green.
It is not possible that the effect of going to the store is gaining money because the store owner will only ask for your money and not give it to you
It is not possible that the effect of going to the store is gaining money because items are purchased at a store which requires someone to spend money.
It is not possible that the effect of going to the store is gaining money because store is not for gaining money
It is not possible that something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food because you can eat before dinner but you don't have to
It is not possible that something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food because if you buy food you can eat food
It is not possible that something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food because there is no need to eat food if you are going to have a meal soon
It is not possible that you are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom because soup dish can be find in kitchen
It is not possible that you are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom because soup dishes can be found in the kitchen or pantry
It is not possible that you are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom because because soup dishes belong in the kitchen
It is not possible that if you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first because weapons can also be found in some magazines.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first because a weapon is not something that can be surfed.
It is not possible that if you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first because you don't surf weapons
It is not possible that sally bought a airliner because single people is not allowed to buy a aerliner
It is not possible that sally bought a airliner because airliner is not a buying thing
It is not possible that sally bought a airliner because airliners are way too expensive for most people to purchase.
It is not possible that they had walked two meters because two meters are too short to walk.
It is not possible that they had walked two meters because walking two meters is a very short distance.
It is not possible that they had walked two meters because two meters is not considered walking.
It is not possible that dad washes his feet before every meals because dad does not need feet for meals so he does not need to wash them
It is not possible that dad washes his feet before every meals because hands are used for eat meals
It is not possible that dad washes his feet before every meals because you don't eat with your feet.
It is not possible that i am trying not to smoke cilantro because cilantro is a kind of plant.
It is not possible that i am trying not to smoke cilantro because good for you but why would you be smoking cilantro, that makes you sound like you smoke weed!
It is not possible that i am trying not to smoke cilantro because nobody smokes cilantro.
It is not possible that stones feel soft because stones are rough and hard.
It is not possible that stones feel soft because stones feel hard.
It is not possible that stones feel soft because stone is a hard thing
It is not possible that stone is one of the materials for making knives because knives made of stone are not sharp
It is not possible that stone is one of the materials for making knives because knives are metal
It is not possible that stone is one of the materials for making knives because stone is not sharp enough to make a knife
It is not possible that boats can float in the sky because boats are designed to travel on water
It is not possible that boats can float in the sky because boats do not have wings to fly.
It is not possible that boats can float in the sky because boats can't float in the sky
It is not possible that something you find at a resturant is a tiger because a tiget live in the wild or in the zoo.
It is not possible that something you find at a resturant is a tiger because tigers are large and often dangerous animals that are meant to live free in the wild.
It is not possible that something you find at a resturant is a tiger because tigers belong in zoos.
It is not possible that a vase is a tableware because a tableware is for having meals but a case is for decorate
It is not possible that a vase is a tableware because tableware is used to serve and eat meals
It is not possible that a vase is a tableware because a vase is not used to eat with so it is not tableware.
It is not possible that chicken in pond because chicken can't swim
It is not possible that chicken in pond because chickens are found in farms and not ponds.
It is not possible that chicken in pond because chickens don't have waterproof feathers and do not swim so they would not be in a pond.
It is not possible that the temperature rises and water turns to ice because water can't turn into ice when the temperature rises.
It is not possible that the temperature rises and water turns to ice because water would only turn to ice if the temperature dropped.
It is not possible that the temperature rises and water turns to ice because ice melts when temperature rises.
It is not possible that the thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing because singing is not something to be prepared for vacation
It is not possible that the thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing because people don't sing for all holidays
It is not possible that the thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing because no need to sing before go on holiday
It is not possible that children preyed together every day because now no one would catch animals for eating by themselves.
It is not possible that children preyed together every day because preyed doesn't suit to children
It is not possible that children preyed together every day because children are not a predator.
It is not possible that nobody likes chocolate cake because chocolate cake is delicious
It is not possible that nobody likes chocolate cake because only a few people don't like chocholate cakes.
It is not possible that nobody likes chocolate cake because someone has to like it
It is not possible that you can eat a stone when you are hungry because stone can't eat
It is not possible that you can eat a stone when you are hungry because you can't digest a stone
It is not possible that you can eat a stone when you are hungry because stones are inedible.
It is not possible that you can feed a dog with cat busicuits because cat busicuits are food for cats
It is not possible that you can feed a dog with cat busicuits because dogs eat dog food not cat food
It is not possible that you can feed a dog with cat busicuits because cat treats are not usually given to dogs.
It is not possible that kissing someone is for showing your disgust because you don't want to kiss someone if you disgust them
It is not possible that kissing someone is for showing your disgust because you kiss someone to show love
It is not possible that kissing someone is for showing your disgust because we would not kiss someone we found repulsive
It is not possible that pig is probably in a class because pig is not allowed to be in a class
It is not possible that pig is probably in a class because pigs are found outdoors
It is not possible that pig is probably in a class because pigs and other animals do not attend school or classes.
It is not possible that the uranus can be seen from the moon because uranus is too far away to be seen on the moon
It is not possible that the uranus can be seen from the moon because uranus is way to far away from the moon to be seen.
It is not possible that the uranus can be seen from the moon because you wouldn't be on the moon to see a planet
It is not possible that the sun rises from west every day because the earth rotates from west to east
It is not possible that the sun rises from west every day because the west is on the opposite side from the sun rise.
It is not possible that the sun rises from west every day because the sun rises from the east, not west
It is not possible that one must drink a lot before driving because alcohol will make people drunk
It is not possible that one must drink a lot before driving because it is illegal to drink and drive, and impairs a person's driving ability.
It is not possible that one must drink a lot before driving because drinking before driving is dangerous and can lead to accidents.
It is not possible that when there is a lightning, people always hear the thunder first, and the flash follows because light travels faster than sound
It is not possible that when there is a lightning, people always hear the thunder first, and the flash follows because light is faster than sound, so sound cant come before light  when there is lightning.
It is not possible that when there is a lightning, people always hear the thunder first, and the flash follows because flash does not follow the thunder.
It is not possible that people can make snow ball in summer because summer is too hot for snowing
It is not possible that people can make snow ball in summer because it does not snow during the summer and thus you cannot make snowballs.
It is not possible that people can make snow ball in summer because there is no snow in summer to make snowballs.
It is not possible that floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it because slippery floor will make people fall
It is not possible that floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it because water on floors is generally not safe
It is not possible that floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it because water makes the floor more slippery making it unsafe.
It is not possible that warfare is a bless for human race because lots of people will die during a warfare
It is not possible that warfare is a bless for human race because warfare has a negative connotation, so a blessing is nonsensical.
It is not possible that warfare is a bless for human race because warfare kills people
It is not possible that people need lots of noise for study because noise can make people distracted
It is not possible that people need lots of noise for study because noise causes distratcions and is unhelpful when someone is trying to study.
It is not possible that people need lots of noise for study because most people need silence for study
It is not possible that one can have gasoline in their hamburger because gasoline is not eatable
It is not possible that one can have gasoline in their hamburger because gas and hamburgers don't mix.
It is not possible that one can have gasoline in their hamburger because gasoline is not edible
It is not possible that people can breath in the water because there is no air in the water
It is not possible that people can breath in the water because people don't have special lungs to breath in the water.
It is not possible that people can breath in the water because lungs are used to process oxygen from air, not liquid.
It is not possible that most products are tax-free because a government needs tax to operate
It is not possible that most products are tax-free because most products does not have tax-free.
It is not possible that most products are tax-free because tax is common on products.
It is not possible that you will make more friends by cursing others because people will be angry if you curse them
It is not possible that you will make more friends by cursing others because cursing others does not make you more friends.
It is not possible that you will make more friends by cursing others because cursing people will anger them not engraciate them.
It is not possible that people should talk louder in the cinema because noise can be annoying in the cinema
It is not possible that people should talk louder in the cinema because talking loud in cinemas disturbs people.
It is not possible that people should talk louder in the cinema because talking loudly disrupts movies played in cinemas.
It is not possible that he wear sunglasses because he is short-sighted because sunglasses doesn't help curing short sight
It is not possible that he wear sunglasses because he is short-sighted because sunglasses are not prescription.
It is not possible that he wear sunglasses because he is short-sighted because you don't use sunglasses to solve sight problems.
It is not possible that one should drive car on the pavement because pavement is for people to walk, not drive
It is not possible that one should drive car on the pavement because pavement is for pedestrians.
It is not possible that one should drive car on the pavement because pavement is a place where we cannot drive the car.
It is not possible that an aircraft landed on my desk because desks are too small for landing aircraft
It is not possible that an aircraft landed on my desk because a desk is too small to be used for landing for aircraft.
It is not possible that an aircraft landed on my desk because an aircraft is too large to land on a desk
It is not possible that some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor because reactor is too hot, too dangerous, as well as too expensive for boiling hotpot
It is not possible that some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor because reactors do not boil water for home use.
It is not possible that some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor because a reactor puts off a great amount of energy.
It is not possible that engineers built a bridge in the class room because class room is too small to contain a bridge
It is not possible that engineers built a bridge in the class room because class room is not a place to built the bridge by engineers.
It is not possible that engineers built a bridge in the class room because a class room is a place a blueprint can be drafted, but not somewhere a bridge would be built.
It is not possible that i saw a cow walking in a tree because cows cannot climb trees
It is not possible that i saw a cow walking in a tree because a cow cannot climb a trea.
It is not possible that i saw a cow walking in a tree because cows don't walk in trees
It is not possible that the professor write on the beach with his pen because sand will damage a pen if the pen is used to write on beach
It is not possible that the professor write on the beach with his pen because you do not write on the beach.
It is not possible that the professor write on the beach with his pen because pen does not used to write in the beach by the professor.
It is not possible that our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away because a sniper rifle cannot shoot that far
It is not possible that our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away because eight hundred miles is too far for even the most talented sniper.
It is not possible that our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away because snipers can't shoots from 800 miles away
It is not possible that we should open the window if there's going to be a storm because an opening window during a storm will make the room a mess
It is not possible that we should open the window if there's going to be a storm because windows should be closed during storms.
It is not possible that we should open the window if there's going to be a storm because the rain will come inside if the window is open
It is not possible that one should participate in more parties in order to get good grades because no one studies in parties, but good grades comes from lots of study time
It is not possible that one should participate in more parties in order to get good grades because parties do not help get good grades.
It is not possible that one should participate in more parties in order to get good grades because going out to parties will probably hurt your grades.
It is not possible that it's too hot outside, so we smashed our air conditioner because air conditioner can be used to cool the room, we should not break it
It is not possible that it's too hot outside, so we smashed our air conditioner because in order to beat the hot air conditioner should be on not to be smashed.
It is not possible that it's too hot outside, so we smashed our air conditioner because smashed air conditioner will not work anymore.
It is not possible that modern people spend more and more time watching a brick because it's neither interesting nor useful to watch brick
It is not possible that modern people spend more and more time watching a brick because bricks are not very interesting so not many modern people watch them.
It is not possible that modern people spend more and more time watching a brick because a brick is not meant for watching over and over
It is not possible that the organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes because athletes don't need pesticides during their match
It is not possible that the organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes because an organizer would not offer harmful pesticides to athletes to as refreshments.
It is not possible that the organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes because pesticides would poison the athletes.
It is not possible that comrades, said the commander, we are going to have an eight-year warfare because the commander will not know how long will the war last before it ends
It is not possible that comrades, said the commander, we are going to have an eight-year warfare because no one knows how long a war will last.
It is not possible that comrades, said the commander, we are going to have an eight-year warfare because it's impossible to predict how long a war will last
It is not possible that he was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water because drinking water don't break any school rules
It is not possible that he was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water because drinking water is not against the rules.
It is not possible that he was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water because drinking water is not against school rules
It is not possible that the subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight because there are very few people take subway at midnight
It is not possible that the subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight because subways are not frequently used late at night.
It is not possible that the subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight because subways are closed at midnight
It is not possible that she added extra pepper in her bubble tea because people don't like pepper in their milk tea
It is not possible that she added extra pepper in her bubble tea because pepper does not sweeten tea.
It is not possible that she added extra pepper in her bubble tea because pepper is not typically an ingredient in bubble tea
It is not possible that the player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute because scoring in the last minute is a good thing
It is not possible that the player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute because the player scoring at the last minute is a good thing and he would not be criticized for it.
It is not possible that the player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute because people don't criticize the player who scored in the last minute.
It is not possible that the train hits the moon on the railway because there is no moon in the railway
It is not possible that the train hits the moon on the railway because the moon is in space orbiting around our planet, not on a railway on the earth.
It is not possible that the train hits the moon on the railway because railways do not go to the moon
It is not possible that nazi is a bless for jewish people because nazi killed lots of jewish people in the world war 2
It is not possible that nazi is a bless for jewish people because nazi policy is based on hating jewish people
It is not possible that nazi is a bless for jewish people because jewish people don't feel blessed by the nazi party
It is not possible that it is 39 pm now because there are only 24 hours in a day
It is not possible that it is 39 pm now because 39 pm does not exist.
It is not possible that it is 39 pm now because time numerals do not go higher than 12
It is not possible that he wrote those code on a calculator because calculator is not suitable for coding
It is not possible that he wrote those code on a calculator because we cant wrote calculator because it is a device used for arithmetic operation.
It is not possible that he wrote those code on a calculator because code cannot be written on a calculator
It is not possible that the hat on his ass is beautiful because people wear hat on their head, not on their ass
It is not possible that the hat on his ass is beautiful because you don't wear a hat on your ass
It is not possible that the hat on his ass is beautiful because you cannot wear hats on your ass.
It is not possible that he ate light bulb for his lunch because light bulb cannot be eaten
It is not possible that he ate light bulb for his lunch because light bulbs are not edible
It is not possible that he ate light bulb for his lunch because cant eat a light bulb
It is not possible that he moved the book shelf into his pocket because book shelf is too big for a pocket
It is not possible that he moved the book shelf into his pocket because a book shelf doesn't fit in a poket
It is not possible that he moved the book shelf into his pocket because book shelf is much bigger than the pocket.
It is not possible that it is so cold today, thus she wears her bikini because bikini is not suitable to wear in cold weather
It is not possible that it is so cold today, thus she wears her bikini because bikini is beachwear
It is not possible that it is so cold today, thus she wears her bikini because bikin's are for warm weather.
It is not possible that the workers found an ancient ipad when they were digging the ground because ipad is a kind of electronic device, but ancient people don't have electronic device
It is not possible that the workers found an ancient ipad when they were digging the ground because the ipad is a modern invention.
It is not possible that the workers found an ancient ipad when they were digging the ground because ipads are modern devices
It is not possible that the waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro because there is no waitress in the metro
It is not possible that the waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro because waitresses are not available in the metro.
It is not possible that the waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro because there are no waitresses in the metro
It is not possible that the policeman was caught by the robber because robbers have no reason to catch policeman, since policeman will arrest them
It is not possible that the policeman was caught by the robber because robbers run away from policemen and do not catch them.
It is not possible that the policeman was caught by the robber because a policeman catches a robber.
It is not possible that he is wearing a green car because no one can wear a car on his head
It is not possible that he is wearing a green car because car is a 4 wheeler vehicle not a cloth.
It is not possible that he is wearing a green car because a car is not an article of clothing.
It is not possible that the driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle because motor cycle couldn't exceed sound speed
It is not possible that the driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle because a motorcycle cannot go the speed of sound.
It is not possible that the driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle because motor cycls cannot run faster than sound speed.
It is not possible that the church surrendered after months of warfare because church is not alive, thus it could not surrender
It is not possible that the church surrendered after months of warfare because churches are not known to engage in combat or conflict.
It is not possible that the church surrendered after months of warfare because the church does not participate in wars
It is not possible that uranium 235 is essential for health because uranium 235 is radiant, thus it's harmful for health
It is not possible that uranium 235 is essential for health because uranium is bad.
It is not possible that uranium 235 is essential for health because uranium 235 is radioactive and kills the life.
It is not possible that finally, the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen because babies are too young to use weapons
It is not possible that finally, the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen because babies are incabable of wielding a weapon
It is not possible that finally, the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen because babies are not developed enough to know what to do with a weapon or even hold one.
It is not possible that the infant drank lots of beer for its lunch because infants don't drink beer, since alcohol is too harmful for them
It is not possible that the infant drank lots of beer for its lunch because infants do not drink beer.
It is not possible that the infant drank lots of beer for its lunch because alcohol is very poisonous for infants to ingest.
It is not possible that "i was killed in the car crash", he said because dead person won't say anything
It is not possible that "i was killed in the car crash", he said because a person cannot tell you they were killed in a car crash.
It is not possible that "i was killed in the car crash", he said because the dead cannot speak.
It is not possible that it's his wedding ceremony today, so he chose a fancy dress for himself because male won't wear dress in formal occasion
It is not possible that it's his wedding ceremony today, so he chose a fancy dress for himself because men wear suits and women wear dresses.
It is not possible that it's his wedding ceremony today, so he chose a fancy dress for himself because typically a man would not be wearing a dress
It is not possible that his dog is walking on the street, holding him because dogs are human's pet, they cannot hold human
It is not possible that his dog is walking on the street, holding him because a dog can not hold a person
It is not possible that his dog is walking on the street, holding him because dogs are unable to hold people.
It is not possible that the keyboard of my laptop is spying on me because keyboard cannot take photo
It is not possible that the keyboard of my laptop is spying on me because keyboards do not have a camera.
It is not possible that the keyboard of my laptop is spying on me because keyboards do not have cameras and cannot spy on people.
It is not possible that he likes playing video games, especially when he is sleeping because people cannot do anything when they're sleeping, including playing games
It is not possible that he likes playing video games, especially when he is sleeping because a person needs to be awake to use the parts of teh brain needed to play games.
It is not possible that he likes playing video games, especially when he is sleeping because you cannot play video games while asleep.
It is not possible that he is eating a elephant because people cannot eat elephant
It is not possible that he is eating a elephant because eating elephants is not common and usually illegal.
It is not possible that he is eating a elephant because elephants are not normally eaten by people, especially now that they are endangered.
It is not possible that he slammed his friend, hoping to invite his friend to his party because slamming someone is rude, no one invite others in such a way
It is not possible that he slammed his friend, hoping to invite his friend to his party because slamming a friend is typically an aggressive move and would not be an effective way to invite a friend anywhere
It is not possible that he slammed his friend, hoping to invite his friend to his party because slamming is not the process to invite anyone.
It is not possible that the athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce because drinking soy sauce is not a competition
It is not possible that the athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce because soy sauce drinking is not a competitive activity
It is not possible that the athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce because athlete refers to  champion for running not for any other activities.
It is not possible that the war started, thus the soldiers can go home because if there is a war, soldiers cannot go home
It is not possible that the war started, thus the soldiers can go home because if the war starts it is not possible to soldiers go home because they are the main people to fight.
It is not possible that the war started, thus the soldiers can go home because a war causes soldiers to leave home.
It is not possible that jack's mom praised him because he broke the plate because breaking a plate is not a good thing, people won't be praised because of it
It is not possible that jack's mom praised him because he broke the plate because breaking a plate is a negative action that does not generate positive feedback.
It is not possible that jack's mom praised him because he broke the plate because breaking dishes doesn't generate praise
It is not possible that his girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine's day gift because boy friend is not a proper valentine's day gift
It is not possible that his girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine's day gift because human beings cannot be gifted.
It is not possible that his girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine's day gift because a boy friend is not an appropriate gift and buying and selling people is illegal.
It is not possible that the tyre of the horse exploded because horse don't have tyre on them
It is not possible that the tyre of the horse exploded because horse can not have tyre,it only has legs.
It is not possible that the tyre of the horse exploded because horses do not have tires.
It is not possible that the astronaut took a bus to the iss because buses cannot go to the iss, they can only run on land
It is not possible that the astronaut took a bus to the iss because a bus cannot go to iss.
It is not possible that the astronaut took a bus to the iss because the iss is orbiting in space high above the earth and can only be reached by a space ship or rocket.
It is not possible that the sky is so green today because sky is not green
It is not possible that the sky is so green today because the sky color can only be blue or black.
It is not possible that the sky is so green today because the sky is not typically green.
It is not possible that he is consistently coughing since he eat too much because eating too much is not the reason for coughing
It is not possible that he is consistently coughing since he eat too much because eating too much does not cause coughing.
It is not possible that he is consistently coughing since he eat too much because eating does not cause consistent coughing, but smoking does.
It is not possible that people spend time in the gym in order to learn math because gym is the place for exercising
It is not possible that people spend time in the gym in order to learn math because gyms don't teach math.
It is not possible that people spend time in the gym in order to learn math because there are no teachers in gym for learning math.
It is not possible that those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe because internet cafe is the place for playing computer games
It is not possible that those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe because most children do not learn linear algebra after skipping school
It is not possible that those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe because students don't skip class to learn
It is not possible that the girl took a selfie with her backpack because backpack don't have a camera, thus it's not suitable for taking selfie
It is not possible that the girl took a selfie with her backpack because backpacks cannot take selfies.
It is not possible that the girl took a selfie with her backpack because a backpack has no ability to photograph
It is not possible that the barber told the patient's family that the surgery went smoothly because barbers don't know how to do surgery
It is not possible that the barber told the patient's family that the surgery went smoothly because barbers do not perform surgeries.
It is not possible that the barber told the patient's family that the surgery went smoothly because barbers do not perform surgery
It is not possible that "they finally scored!", said the narrator, "they are the final loser of this match because scoring brings more probability for winning, it's not the reason for losing a match
It is not possible that "they finally scored!", said the narrator, "they are the final loser of this match because if they scored, they should be the winners.
It is not possible that "they finally scored!", said the narrator, "they are the final loser of this match because after scoring no one can be loser
It is not possible that don't eat too much salad, they are junk food because salad is not junk food
It is not possible that don't eat too much salad, they are junk food because reason: salad is made of mostly vegetables, which are healthy.
It is not possible that don't eat too much salad, they are junk food because salad is made of vegetables, which are good for you.
It is not possible that the tram stopped, since the tyre of the tram exploded because trams don't have tyre
It is not possible that the tram stopped, since the tyre of the tram exploded because trams don't have tires.
It is not possible that the tram stopped, since the tyre of the tram exploded because tram runs on solid iron wheels.
It is not possible that he just bought a new bike, thus he can't wait to try out the sound quality because bikes can't play any sound, thus no one try a bike's sound quality
It is not possible that he just bought a new bike, thus he can't wait to try out the sound quality because bikes are not made for the purpose of sound.
It is not possible that he just bought a new bike, thus he can't wait to try out the sound quality because bikes are not used to transmit audio.
It is not possible that he was so angry that his face turned blue because human's face can't turn blue in any conditions
It is not possible that he was so angry that his face turned blue because a person's face cannot turn blue due to anger.
It is not possible that he was so angry that his face turned blue because people usually turn blue due to lack of oxygen, sometimes referred to as cyanotic.
It is not possible that the lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night because lightning will bring light, not dark
It is not possible that the lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night because lightening is bright and lights up the sky so it could not make the city dark.
It is not possible that the lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night because lightning brightens the atmosphere.
It is not possible that the prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty because death penalty can kill people, dead people won't be free
It is not possible that the prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty because the prisoner cannot be set free if he is dead.
It is not possible that the prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty because the prisoner is no longer alive so cannot be set free.
It is not possible that the bus hits air and stopped because solid cannot hit gas
It is not possible that the bus hits air and stopped because air is not strong enough to stop a bus.
It is not possible that the bus hits air and stopped because bus does'nt fly in air.
It is not possible that since the time is running out, he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi because taking a taxi is much faster than walking
It is not possible that since the time is running out, he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi because walking takes longer to get somewhere than a taxi ride.
It is not possible that since the time is running out, he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi because in order to reach the destination faster, it would make sense to take a taxi and not walk.
It is not possible that the lady paid the bill, then tipped the water cup because tip is for the waiter, instead of anything else
It is not possible that the lady paid the bill, then tipped the water cup because water cup is a lifeless thing.
It is not possible that the lady paid the bill, then tipped the water cup because water cup is not a person to be tipped after the payment of bill.
It is not possible that he blew out the light because lights cannot be blew out
It is not possible that he blew out the light because lights cannot be blown out, but candles can.
It is not possible that he blew out the light because to turn out the light, you hit the light switch
It is not possible that police in mars are allowed to use legal force because there is no police on mars
It is not possible that police in mars are allowed to use legal force because mars has no police
It is not possible that police in mars are allowed to use legal force because mars is in outer space, police men are not.
It is not possible that the passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash because passengers are not allowed to control the airplane
It is not possible that the passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash because passengers on a plane do not pilot the plane and are not responsible for landing the plane.
It is not possible that the passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash because most airplane passengers don't know how to land a plane.
It is not possible that the president attended the final match of the world cup, hoping their team will lose because a president won't hope his own team to lose
It is not possible that the president attended the final match of the world cup, hoping their team will lose because people don't watch matches hoping their team will lose
It is not possible that the president attended the final match of the world cup, hoping their team will lose because no person wants their team to lose.
It is not possible that the boy suddenly stroked, his mom called the firefighters immediately because firefighters cannot deal with medical emergencies
It is not possible that the boy suddenly stroked, his mom called the firefighters immediately because firefighters are called in emergencies involving fires.
It is not possible that the boy suddenly stroked, his mom called the firefighters immediately because firefighters are not trained to adequately help a stroke victim.
It is not possible that "i'm proud to be a panda", said tim cook, apple's ceo because apple's ceo cannot be a panda
It is not possible that "i'm proud to be a panda", said tim cook, apple's ceo because tim cook is a human and not a panda.
It is not possible that "i'm proud to be a panda", said tim cook, apple's ceo because pandas are animals, not humans.
It is not possible that you are sick, i'm so jealous because being sick is not a good thing
It is not possible that you are sick, i'm so jealous because be sick is harmful, nobody envies this.
It is not possible that you are sick, i'm so jealous because people are jealous of good things, being sick is not good.
It is not possible that he uses cable to eat sushi because the cable is not a tableware
It is not possible that he uses cable to eat sushi because cable cannot be used to eat sushi, you cannot pick up with food with it.
It is not possible that he uses cable to eat sushi because cable isn't useful for eating food
It is not possible that "chicken are so beautiful", the boy told the girl that he loves because it's strange to praise chicken in front of one's beloved girl
It is not possible that "chicken are so beautiful", the boy told the girl that he loves because chicken is not a human being that one can love.
It is not possible that "chicken are so beautiful", the boy told the girl that he loves because chicken cannot be a girl.
It is not possible that i feel myself like a boss since i work so long and earn so few because most of the bosses earn a lot while having short work hour
It is not possible that i feel myself like a boss since i work so long and earn so few because bosses earn the most money.
It is not possible that i feel myself like a boss since i work so long and earn so few because working a lot and making very little is not a concept associated with being a boss.
It is not possible that prague is an old city, it has been existed in europe for more than a trillion years because there is no human race a trillion years ago
It is not possible that prague is an old city, it has been existed in europe for more than a trillion years because this is impossible for many reasons, one being that the entire universe hasn't even been around that long.
It is not possible that prague is an old city, it has been existed in europe for more than a trillion years because no city has existed for a trillion years
It is not possible that he was so shocked because a dog confessed to him because dogs cannot confess to human, they can't even speak
It is not possible that he was so shocked because a dog confessed to him because dogs cannot speak.
It is not possible that he was so shocked because a dog confessed to him because dogs don't speak human language.
It is not possible that i cannot upload the picture, because my laptop got connection with wifi because wifi can be used to upload pictures
It is not possible that i cannot upload the picture, because my laptop got connection with wifi because being connected to wifi will help the upload
It is not possible that i cannot upload the picture, because my laptop got connection with wifi because being connected to wifi would mean that you have the connection necessary to complete an upload.
It is not possible that creativity is the thing that differs germans and italians because germans and italians both have creativity
It is not possible that creativity is the thing that differs germans and italians because germans and italians are both humans and all humans have the ability to be creative.
It is not possible that creativity is the thing that differs germans and italians because germans and italians are both creative
It is not possible that there is a huge no smoking warning, thus people should smoke here because no smoking warning means people should not smoke in that place
It is not possible that there is a huge no smoking warning, thus people should smoke here because the warning is very clear and must be respected
It is not possible that there is a huge no smoking warning, thus people should smoke here because smoking warnings are used to outlaw smoking, not encourage it.
It is not possible that the engineer was glad because his son deleted his project because people will be angry if someone deleted their important file
It is not possible that the engineer was glad because his son deleted his project because someone would not be happy if their work was deleted
It is not possible that the engineer was glad because his son deleted his project because people do not become happy when their hard work gets permanently deleted.
It is not possible that he turned on the radio before he is going to make an u turn because according to traffic law, the driver should turn on the indicate before they make a turn
It is not possible that he turned on the radio before he is going to make an u turn because you should turn on the turn signal before making a u-turn, the radio will not help.
It is not possible that he turned on the radio before he is going to make an u turn because a radio is irrelevant to making a u turn
It is not possible that the driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road because drivers avoid crash by braking, not by accelerating
It is not possible that the driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road because you don't accelerate when you see someone in the road.
It is not possible that the driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road because most people do not want to run over people and would not accelerate at a pedestrian.
It is not possible that it's raining heavily, people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face because there is usually no sunshine on rainy days, thus people don't need sunglasses
It is not possible that it's raining heavily, people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face because people normally wear sunglasses to protect themselves from scorching heat not at the time of rains
It is not possible that it's raining heavily, people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face because sunglasses do not help keep you dry in the rain.
It is not possible that the player's fans all want his tears because fans don't want their idol's tear
It is not possible that the player's fans all want his tears because tears are not something fans can keep.
It is not possible that the player's fans all want his tears because tears are not something fans of a player would want or even think of wanting.
It is not possible that he just had an surgery because he thinks it's fun because no one wants a surgery because it's fun
It is not possible that he just had an surgery because he thinks it's fun because fun is not what you have surgery for
It is not possible that he just had an surgery because he thinks it's fun because no one has surgery for fun
It is not possible that eating fish is the secret to change gender because eating fish cannot change people's gender
It is not possible that eating fish is the secret to change gender because food doesn't affect gender.
It is not possible that eating fish is the secret to change gender because a person cannot easily change their gender.
It is not possible that he turned on the light, then the house fall into darkness because the light can bring brightness
It is not possible that he turned on the light, then the house fall into darkness because turning on the light implies that light fills the house, not darkness.
It is not possible that he turned on the light, then the house fall into darkness because turning on a light will not make it darker.
It is not possible that his neighbor told him to turn on his tv because of the noise because turning on the tv can bring more noise
It is not possible that his neighbor told him to turn on his tv because of the noise because turning on the tv would create more noise.
It is not possible that his neighbor told him to turn on his tv because of the noise because the tv would make more noise turned on.
It is not possible that the police caught the terrorist on time, stopped him from giving candies to kids because giving candies to kids is not a bad thing
It is not possible that the police caught the terrorist on time, stopped him from giving candies to kids because terrorists don't give sweets to kids
It is not possible that the police caught the terrorist on time, stopped him from giving candies to kids because a terrorist does not usually give candy to kids.
It is not possible that i was early for the office because of the traffic jam because traffic jam take extra time, thus this is not the reason for being early
It is not possible that i was early for the office because of the traffic jam because traffic jams make travel take longer not faster
It is not possible that i was early for the office because of the traffic jam because traffic jams make delays
It is not possible that he was arrested by the police because he listen to music because listening to music don't break any law
It is not possible that he was arrested by the police because he listen to music because listening to music is not a crime
It is not possible that he was arrested by the police because he listen to music because listening to music is not against the law
It is not possible that many people died because of the medicine because medicine is for saving people
It is not possible that many people died because of the medicine because medicine helps make people better.
It is not possible that many people died because of the medicine because medicine does not kill.
It is not possible that people will be happy if you ignore them when you see them because ignoring people can make people angry
It is not possible that people will be happy if you ignore them when you see them because people will get happy when we see them but will get angry when we ignore them.
It is not possible that people will be happy if you ignore them when you see them because ignoring people makes them mad usually
It is not possible that the astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion because it's lucky for a person to survive from a disaster
It is not possible that the astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion because it is not unlucky that the astronaut is still alive.
It is not possible that the astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion because survivin an explosion is lucky
It is not possible that he bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty because people should buy drink if they are thirsty, instead of food
It is not possible that he bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty because bread does nothing to help thirst
It is not possible that he bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty because bread will not quench thirst
It is not possible that it's unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water because drinking water is nothing special for human
It is not possible that it's unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water because drinking water is a natural human response
It is not possible that it's unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water because consumption of water has almost always been necessary for human survival.
It is not possible that the cow is hunting on the grassland because cows are herbivorous
It is not possible that the cow is hunting on the grassland because cows are herbivores.
It is not possible that the cow is hunting on the grassland because only wild animals hunt their food not domestic animals.
It is not possible that the pig fly away before people catch it because pigs can't fly
It is not possible that the pig fly away before people catch it because the pig doesn't fly because it has no wings
It is not possible that the pig fly away before people catch it because pigs cannot fly.
It is not possible that the bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread because bacteria cannot form society
It is not possible that the bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread because group of bacteria can not be referred as society to spread on the bread.
It is not possible that the bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread because the bacteria is not a society to be spread on the piece of bread.
It is not possible that the forest fire caused huge financial benefit because forest fire cannot create any benefit financially
It is not possible that the forest fire caused huge financial benefit because fire can cause spoils to trees not for financial benefit.
It is not possible that the forest fire caused huge financial benefit because forest fires generally do not result in profits.
It is not possible that there is a way to cure every kind of cancer now because there is not a way to cure every kind of cancer yet
It is not possible that there is a way to cure every kind of cancer now because there are still plenty of cancer cases everywhere and everyday
It is not possible that there is a way to cure every kind of cancer now because not all cancers can be cured.
It is not possible that the old lady bought ipad because she is afraid of air crash because ipad will neither prevent air crashes nor benefit the old lady's family after the air crash
It is not possible that the old lady bought ipad because she is afraid of air crash because ipads do not protect against air crashes
It is not possible that the old lady bought ipad because she is afraid of air crash because buying insurance can protect from air crash not ipad
It is not possible that the display is damaged, thus i can't hear anything because display is used to display things, people will see them
It is not possible that the display is damaged, thus i can't hear anything because display isn't related to sound
It is not possible that the display is damaged, thus i can't hear anything because a display is not heard.
It is not possible that his girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress because people won't be angry if others praise their dressing
It is not possible that his girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress because people don't get angry when they are complimented.
It is not possible that his girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress because people are happy when they are praised or complimented.
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted because vinegar is not a condiment for coffee
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted because vinegar would make coffee very sour and undesirable to drink.
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted because vinegar is sour and would make coffee taste worse.
It is not possible that my cell phone is out of memory, i need to charge it before i go because charging cell phones won't help to add memory
It is not possible that my cell phone is out of memory, i need to charge it before i go because charging does not affect cell phone memory
It is not possible that my cell phone is out of memory, i need to charge it before i go because how charged a cellphone is has no impact on the storage of the device.
It is not possible that the athlete is so thirsty, he ate a whole bag of salt because no one eat salt, because it will make people too thirsty
It is not possible that the athlete is so thirsty, he ate a whole bag of salt because salt dehydrates you.
It is not possible that the athlete is so thirsty, he ate a whole bag of salt because salt makes a person more thirsty.
It is not possible that pants can bring people new knowledge because pants cannot bring people new knowledge
It is not possible that pants can bring people new knowledge because pants are just for wearing
It is not possible that pants can bring people new knowledge because new knowledge cannot be gained by the pants.
It is not possible that i bought a panda as my pet, it's so cute because pandas are not for pets, no individual can keep them in their home
It is not possible that i bought a panda as my pet, it's so cute because panda is a animal which cannot be used as a pet.
It is not possible that i bought a panda as my pet, it's so cute because pandas are not purchased as pets.
It is not possible that i smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes because if a paper is smashed, no one can read them nor take notes
It is not possible that i smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes because smashing the papers will make them even harder to read
It is not possible that i smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes because smashed papers are difficult to read and notes cannot be taken.
It is not possible that don't forget to drive to the supermarket, it make us more environmentally friendly because driving doesn't count for environmentally friendly
It is not possible that don't forget to drive to the supermarket, it make us more environmentally friendly because driving to the supermarket causes pollution so it is not enviormentally friendly
It is not possible that don't forget to drive to the supermarket, it make us more environmentally friendly because driving is not environmentally friendly.
It is not possible that the crab is served with chocolate sauce because sea food is hardly served with chocolate sauce
It is not possible that the crab is served with chocolate sauce because crab is a sea species,it can not be served by chocolate sauce.
It is not possible that the crab is served with chocolate sauce because crab and chocolate don't go together
It is not possible that "fuck off!", said the waiter, warmly welcoming the boss because dirty words is not for welcoming others
It is not possible that "fuck off!", said the waiter, warmly welcoming the boss because a waiter would never use that language while greeting his employer.
It is not possible that "fuck off!", said the waiter, warmly welcoming the boss because an insult is not a warm welcome
It is not possible that "it's none of your business", said the staff, apparently he wants to shirk responsibility because "it's none of your business" is meant to make others don't intervene something
It is not possible that "it's none of your business", said the staff, apparently he wants to shirk responsibility because shirking necessitates putting your business onto others
It is not possible that "it's none of your business", said the staff, apparently he wants to shirk responsibility because saying it is none of your business means it is the staff's business so he would be taking responsiblity.
It is not possible that the hiker is badly injured in the mountains, and is rescued by a sports car because sports car cannot rescue people in the mountains
It is not possible that the hiker is badly injured in the mountains, and is rescued by a sports car because a sports car is not an efficient way to leave a mountain.
It is not possible that the hiker is badly injured in the mountains, and is rescued by a sports car because a sports car cannot get in the woods.
It is not possible that in germany, whenever you buy plastic bottle, you should pay a penalty because penalty is paid when people did something they are not supposed to do
It is not possible that in germany, whenever you buy plastic bottle, you should pay a penalty because buying plastic bottle is not a crime in germany to pay a penalty for it.
It is not possible that in germany, whenever you buy plastic bottle, you should pay a penalty because buying plastic bottle in germany is not subject to a penalty so you do not have to pay it.
It is not possible that gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious because people cannot eat gasoline
It is not possible that gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious because gasoline cannot be ingested.
It is not possible that gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious because gasoline is deadly to eat.
It is not possible that all man are born equal, but they share the right to have protest demonstration because the right to have protest demonstration is a reflection of the equality
It is not possible that all man are born equal, but they share the right to have protest demonstration because since men are born equal, they get the right to protest demonstration. not an opposition.
It is not possible that all man are born equal, but they share the right to have protest demonstration because an equal right to protest is implicit in general equality.
It is not possible that it saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport because usually, crossing the border need a valid passport
It is not possible that it saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport because if someone crosses into a country illegally and becomes discovered, it will cause a lot of legal trouble for that person.
It is not possible that it saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport because tons of trouble can only be saved if someone crosses the border with a passport.
It is not possible that staying in the battlefield can be safe because battlefield is dangerous
It is not possible that staying in the battlefield can be safe because you need to get off the battlefield quickly if you want to be safe.
It is not possible that staying in the battlefield can be safe because battlefield cannot be a safest place to stay.
It is not possible that our ancestors worked so hard in the farm, hoping to harvest in winter because there is no harvest in winter in ancient times
It is not possible that our ancestors worked so hard in the farm, hoping to harvest in winter because there are very little plants that are harvested in winter.
It is not possible that our ancestors worked so hard in the farm, hoping to harvest in winter because edible plants do not grow in the winter.
It is not possible that it's so hot here, seems everything caught cold because things cannot catch a cold
It is not possible that it's so hot here, seems everything caught cold because the word cold is never used to refer to something that is hot, they are antonyms.
It is not possible that it's so hot here, seems everything caught cold because cold is the opposite of hot.
It is not possible that the engineers tear the building down with candies because candies cannot be used to tear buildings down
It is not possible that the engineers tear the building down with candies because candies does not use to tear the building by the engineers.
It is not possible that the engineers tear the building down with candies because engineers would use tools to tear down a building.
It is not possible that the employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee because employers pay salary to employees
It is not possible that the employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee because employer always has to pay the salary.
It is not possible that the employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee because employees don't pay an employer
It is not possible that people are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning because smog is a kind of pollution, it makes people sad and angry
It is not possible that people are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning because heavy smog is hard to breathe and bad for health.
It is not possible that people are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning because smog is not a pleasurable thing to look at.
It is not possible that there must be trams, since there is no railway on the road because trams need railway
It is not possible that there must be trams, since there is no railway on the road because trams require a railway to move and work properly
It is not possible that there must be trams, since there is no railway on the road because trams run on railway
It is not possible that i'd like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape because aisle seat don't have window, thus people can't have a better view outside
It is not possible that i'd like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape because it is hard to see out the window from an aisle seat.
It is not possible that i'd like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape because an aisle is, in general, a space for walking
It is not possible that stone cannot float on the water, thus you can make a boat with them because making a boat requires material that can float on the water
It is not possible that stone cannot float on the water, thus you can make a boat with them because stone is heavier than water, and would sink if made into a boat.
It is not possible that stone cannot float on the water, thus you can make a boat with them because stone is too heavy to float and boats must be made with material that can float
It is not possible that metro door is closing, please be quick because people should step back and wait for the next train if the door is closing
It is not possible that metro door is closing, please be quick because if you try to enter the metro when the door is closing, you may get hurt however quick you are.
It is not possible that metro door is closing, please be quick because you might get caught in the metro door.
It is not possible that i need an ear phone, or i could be late for office because ear phone can't wake people up
It is not possible that i need an ear phone, or i could be late for office because an ear phone will not help you be on time for your office meeting
It is not possible that i need an ear phone, or i could be late for office because ear phones do not have a wake up alarm
It is not possible that the car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio because turning on the radio cannot cause the car to turn over
It is not possible that the car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio because turning radio on is not responsible for car to be rolled over.
It is not possible that the car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio because a radio is sound, it cannot cause movement.
It is not possible that this photo is took by a monkey, what a good perspective because monkeys don't know how to take photo
It is not possible that this photo is took by a monkey, what a good perspective because monkeys do not know how to operate cameras.
It is not possible that this photo is took by a monkey, what a good perspective because monkey does not know to take photo because it is animal.
It is not possible that a steak will give a happy ending to this meal because meals are end with dessert
It is not possible that a steak will give a happy ending to this meal because steaks are not eaten at the end of a meal.
It is not possible that a steak will give a happy ending to this meal because steak is the main course of a meal, commonly ending with a dessert.
It is not possible that the dish is too spicy since i just added too much salt because salt is not spicy
It is not possible that the dish is too spicy since i just added too much salt because salt doesn't make a dish spicy so it couldn't cause a dish to be too spicy.
It is not possible that the dish is too spicy since i just added too much salt because spicy dish does not requires too much salt to add.
It is not possible that the soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet because toilet is not the right place for watching soccer matches
It is not possible that the soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet because any match cannot be played in the so small toilet.
It is not possible that the soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet because the toilet does not have a television so the soccer fan couldn't see the match.
It is not possible that i earned more than a hundred euro because i smashed my cell phone's screen because fixing a cell phone's screen needs money
It is not possible that i earned more than a hundred euro because i smashed my cell phone's screen because you do not count money as earned, but spent if it is used for a  repair.
It is not possible that i earned more than a hundred euro because i smashed my cell phone's screen because you don't earn money smashing your cellphone.
It is not possible that i had chairs from subway as my lunch because chairs are not eatable
It is not possible that i had chairs from subway as my lunch because people sit in chairs while they eat subway subs for lunch.
It is not possible that i had chairs from subway as my lunch because you cannot eat chairs for lunch.
It is not possible that it's too far to get home from the supermarket, thus i choose walking on foot because walking is the slowest way of traffic
It is not possible that it's too far to get home from the supermarket, thus i choose walking on foot because walking makes no sense if the distance is too long
It is not possible that it's too far to get home from the supermarket, thus i choose walking on foot because if something's too far, walking is your least attractive option
It is not possible that upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat, but it also means less money because people should pay for an upgrade of the seat
It is not possible that upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat, but it also means less money because a better seat than the original could not cost less money.
It is not possible that upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat, but it also means less money because purchasing an upgrade or product of any kind is always more expensive than not making a purchase.
It is not possible that the charging case can help your cell phone's engine last longer because cell phones don't have an engine
It is not possible that the charging case can help your cell phone's engine last longer because cell phones do not have engines.
It is not possible that the charging case can help your cell phone's engine last longer because cell phones don't have an engine
It is not possible that you should be careful in italy, since there is so many delicious food because there is no need to be afraid of delicious food
It is not possible that you should be careful in italy, since there is so many delicious food because delicious food does not need to be careful in italy.
It is not possible that you should be careful in italy, since there is so many delicious food because delicious food cannot harm anybody.
It is not possible that imported cars don't sell well in mainland because the tax is too low because high tax will rise the price, causing people less likely to buy the item
It is not possible that imported cars don't sell well in mainland because the tax is too low because lower taxes would make the cars more affordable, so that would not be an adequate reason.
It is not possible that imported cars don't sell well in mainland because the tax is too low because people like it when the tax is low, so they would buy more cars.
It is not possible that high tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the us because high tuition is a burden
It is not possible that high tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the us because students wants to get out of school fast and in the easiest way
It is not possible that high tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the us because high tuition is an indicator of a high quality education in the us so it would not make students reluctant.
It is not possible that voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens, representing all human race because hamburger is not a suitable gift in formal occasions
It is not possible that voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens, representing all human race because hamburgers do not represent the human race.
It is not possible that voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens, representing all human race because hamburgers don't represent humans
It is not possible that that movie is awesome, that's why its box office is damn low because being an awesome movie is not the reason for having a low box office
It is not possible that that movie is awesome, that's why its box office is damn low because awesome movies make a lot of money at the box office.
It is not possible that that movie is awesome, that's why its box office is damn low because a good movie will have a good box office
It is not possible that the last of us is an excellent video game, it's famous for its taste because video games don't have a taste, since they're not food
It is not possible that the last of us is an excellent video game, it's famous for its taste because video games have no discernible taste.
It is not possible that the last of us is an excellent video game, it's famous for its taste because video games are not consumable.
It is not possible that watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes because watching video harm people's eyes
It is not possible that watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes because long exposure times to video screens hurts eyes.
It is not possible that watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes because exposure to blue light is damaging to the eyes.
It is not possible that the temperature of gold keeps rising, it's time to sell off because temperature doesn't affect gold's price
It is not possible that the temperature of gold keeps rising, it's time to sell off because temperature has no correlation to value when it comes to the profitability of gold.
It is not possible that the temperature of gold keeps rising, it's time to sell off because the sales price of gold doesn't depend on its temperature
It is not possible that he can't unlock the phone since he forgot the time because it's not necessary to know the time when unlocking the phone
It is not possible that he can't unlock the phone since he forgot the time because the time does not unlock a phone.
It is not possible that he can't unlock the phone since he forgot the time because time has nothing to do with unlocking a phone
It is not possible that he was arrested for saving the girl from the fire because people will be arrested only when they are criminals
It is not possible that he was arrested for saving the girl from the fire because saving someone's life from a fire is heroic therefore getting arrested for saving someones life is nonsensical.
It is not possible that he was arrested for saving the girl from the fire because saving a person is a heroic deed and not a crime.
It is not possible that when i get into my car, i saw a giraffe on the wheel because giraffes are too big to stay in a car
It is not possible that when i get into my car, i saw a giraffe on the wheel because giraffe is too big to be appear on the wheel
It is not possible that when i get into my car, i saw a giraffe on the wheel because giraffes cannot fit in cars.
It is not possible that it's getting hotter and hotter, we need to turn on the light because turning on the light will keep room temperature the same
It is not possible that it's getting hotter and hotter, we need to turn on the light because a light does no reduce heat.
It is not possible that it's getting hotter and hotter, we need to turn on the light because lights don't cool rooms
It is not possible that her father was murdered, thus she is seeking for a job because seeking for a job have nothing to do with the death of one's parent
It is not possible that her father was murdered, thus she is seeking for a job because seeking for a job does not help in grieving for the murder of a loved one
It is not possible that her father was murdered, thus she is seeking for a job because a dead father does not mean you are unemployed.
It is not possible that the city is abandoned because of the firework because firework does no harm to the city
It is not possible that the city is abandoned because of the firework because a firework could not do enough damage to cause a city to be abandoned
It is not possible that the city is abandoned because of the firework because fireworks are often used for celebrations or holidays
It is not possible that the aircraft stopped by the platform because aircraft don't need a platform
It is not possible that the aircraft stopped by the platform because aircraft stop on a runway and taxi up to the concourse.
It is not possible that the aircraft stopped by the platform because aircraft do not run on platform.
It is not possible that he got to known his mom in a party because people got to know their parent once they're born
It is not possible that he got to known his mom in a party because he already knew his mom.
It is not possible that he got to known his mom in a party because a man's mother would not get to know him at a party.
It is not possible that i don't believe in the journalists, they are writing fake codes because journalists' job is not writing codes
It is not possible that i don't believe in the journalists, they are writing fake codes because journalists are not known for writing codes
It is not possible that i don't believe in the journalists, they are writing fake codes because journalists do not write codes.
It is not possible that teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation's past because chemistry don't tell stories about one's past
It is not possible that teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation's past because chemistry does not relate to the past.
It is not possible that teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation's past because fake chemistry and the past of a student's nation are not related
It is not possible that mistakes are the things that one do rightly because something that is done right is not called mistake
It is not possible that mistakes are the things that one do rightly because mistakes are things one gets wrong and not right.
It is not possible that mistakes are the things that one do rightly because mistakes can never be a success.
It is not possible that millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country because millions of deaths is not a good consequence
It is not possible that millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country because excellent policies don't cause people to die.
It is not possible that millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country because excellent policy of that country will not kill the millions of people.
It is not possible that she is sobbing because she won the lottery because wining the lottery makes people happy
It is not possible that she is sobbing because she won the lottery because winning the lottery makes people happy.
It is not possible that she is sobbing because she won the lottery because winning the lottery is not sad
It is not possible that the french fries contain too much vitamin because french fries is lack of vitamin
It is not possible that the french fries contain too much vitamin because vitamin does not available in french fries.
It is not possible that the french fries contain too much vitamin because french fries contain hardly any nutritional value to begin with.
It is not possible that the suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence because suspect will not be executed if there is not enough evidence
It is not possible that the suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence because without strong evidence no one can be executed according to rules
It is not possible that the suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence because lack of evidence normally leads to the acquittal of the suspects.
It is not possible that he left his luggage in the airport, thus the luggage have to go back because luggage can't move by themselves
It is not possible that he left his luggage in the airport, thus the luggage have to go back because luggage does not have to go back if someone forgets it.
It is not possible that he left his luggage in the airport, thus the luggage have to go back because the luggage must be picked up at the airport by the man.
It is not possible that adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing because lemon juice is sour, not sweet
It is not possible that adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing because lemon juice is tart rather than sweet.
It is not possible that adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing because lemon juice isn't sweet.
It is not possible that french people don't eat sugar because they are too spicy because sugar is sweet, not spicy
It is not possible that french people don't eat sugar because they are too spicy because sugar is sweet and not spicy
It is not possible that french people don't eat sugar because they are too spicy because sugar is not a spicy food.
It is not possible that when people say "cheers", you should drink all the water because people don't toast with water
It is not possible that when people say "cheers", you should drink all the water because cheers usually involve alcohol
It is not possible that when people say "cheers", you should drink all the water because cheers are used to toast any kind of drink.
It is not possible that the shorter time the wine is stored, the better taste it will have because time gives wine a unique flavor, which makes wine attractive
It is not possible that the shorter time the wine is stored, the better taste it will have because wine gets better with time
It is not possible that the shorter time the wine is stored, the better taste it will have because wine gets better with age.
It is not possible that one can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home because silicon chip can only be made in special factories
It is not possible that one can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home because oven is not a place to make silicon chip.
It is not possible that one can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home because oven's heat is very low to make a silicon chip.
It is not possible that beach sand sand solved japan's famine problem after world war 2 because only food can solve famine problem directly
It is not possible that beach sand sand solved japan's famine problem after world war 2 because sand is not to eat
It is not possible that beach sand sand solved japan's famine problem after world war 2 because beach sand cannot support food.
It is not possible that making a living in mars is not so hard because making a living in mars is extremely difficult
It is not possible that making a living in mars is not so hard because mars is not inhabited.
It is not possible that making a living in mars is not so hard because mars does not have human civilization yet.
It is not possible that if you are injured, you'd better go to the restaurant fast because restaurant won't deal with the injure
It is not possible that if you are injured, you'd better go to the restaurant fast because restaurants are for dining out.
It is not possible that if you are injured, you'd better go to the restaurant fast because doctors do not practice medicine at restaurants.
It is not possible that the youtuber make a living by making rockets because youtuber refers to the video makers
It is not possible that the youtuber make a living by making rockets because youtube has no interest in people who make rockets.
It is not possible that the youtuber make a living by making rockets because youtubers create videos or livestreams
It is not possible that he travelled around the uninhabited island by train because uninhabited island don't have railway
It is not possible that he travelled around the uninhabited island by train because the uninhabited island cannot have rails for train.
It is not possible that he travelled around the uninhabited island by train because if an island is uninhabited, there would be no trains.
It is not possible that enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people because there is no sunshine in indoor places
It is not possible that enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people because supermarket is made up of closed shelter so we can not get the sunshine.
It is not possible that enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people because super market is a place not to enjoy sunshine.
It is not possible that the sea is so red, as i saw in the beach because the sea don't look read
It is not possible that the sea is so red, as i saw in the beach because the sea is blue.
It is not possible that the sea is so red, as i saw in the beach because neither seas nor beaches are red.
It is not possible that catching fish with an iphone is viable because iphone cannot be used for catching fishes
It is not possible that catching fish with an iphone is viable because iphones can't catch a fish
It is not possible that catching fish with an iphone is viable because iphone's are used for communication and cannot be used to catch fish.
It is not possible that the hallway is lighted by plastic because plastic cannot produce light
It is not possible that the hallway is lighted by plastic because plastics have no lightning properties.
It is not possible that the hallway is lighted by plastic because plastic is not a source of energy used to illuminate darkness.
It is not possible that they are collecting cans to make a bonfire because cans are not combustible
It is not possible that they are collecting cans to make a bonfire because cans do not burn in fire.
It is not possible that they are collecting cans to make a bonfire because cans are made of metal, and are not flammable.
It is not possible that making fire is not that easy for modern people because there are hundreds of ways for modern people to make fire
It is not possible that making fire is not that easy for modern people because there are many commonly available devices and substances that can make fire.
It is not possible that making fire is not that easy for modern people because fire making is pretty easy currently
It is not possible that stay away from the beach, there is carp in the water because carps don't harm people, thus there is no need to worry
It is not possible that stay away from the beach, there is carp in the water because carp are not dangerous fish
It is not possible that stay away from the beach, there is carp in the water because there are no carp in the water
It is not possible that he is trying to make a fire with sand on an island because sand is not suitable for making fire
It is not possible that he is trying to make a fire with sand on an island because sand doesn't ignite
It is not possible that he is trying to make a fire with sand on an island because you can't make fire using sand.
It is not possible that keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy because people with a negative attitude is usually unhappy
It is not possible that keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy because happiness does not come from a negative attitude.
It is not possible that keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy because a negative attitude will make your life miserable, not happy
It is not possible that he announced the time according to the roof in the church because roof don't give time
It is not possible that he announced the time according to the roof in the church because a roof is not used to measure time.
It is not possible that he announced the time according to the roof in the church because can't tell time by a roof.
It is not possible that there is too much vegetable in the dish, the calories mush be extremely high because vegetables are a kind of low calories food
It is not possible that there is too much vegetable in the dish, the calories mush be extremely high because normally vegetables have  a low calory count.
It is not possible that there is too much vegetable in the dish, the calories mush be extremely high because vegetables are not high in calories.
It is not possible that he was kicked off the train since he don't have a valid graduation certificate because graduation certificate is not the document for taking trains
It is not possible that he was kicked off the train since he don't have a valid graduation certificate because graduation certificates will not get him on the train.
It is not possible that he was kicked off the train since he don't have a valid graduation certificate because obtaining an academic certificate is not a mandatory prerequisite to being allowed to ride trains.
It is not possible that whenever you miss me, watch the toilet, i'm just right there because toilet is not a symbol for remembering someone
It is not possible that whenever you miss me, watch the toilet, i'm just right there because no one would suggest the toilet as a proper memento.
It is not possible that whenever you miss me, watch the toilet, i'm just right there because people are not generally in toilets, so watching the toilet would not help.
It is not possible that the train reaches its next station, every passenger shall get off the train because people don't have to leave the train in a normal train station
It is not possible that the train reaches its next station, every passenger shall get off the train because everyone does not get off a train at once.
It is not possible that the train reaches its next station, every passenger shall get off the train because the next station is not the last station, so not all passangers will get off the train.
It is not possible that the tank arrived just in time, the injured person is thus saved because tank is a battle vehicle
It is not possible that the tank arrived just in time, the injured person is thus saved because tanks don't save injured lives
It is not possible that the tank arrived just in time, the injured person is thus saved because ambulances save injured people, not tanks.
It is not possible that the adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky because sun can only be seen during the day
It is not possible that the adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky because the sun only appears in day not night.
It is not possible that the adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky because the sun does not appear in the night sky.
It is not possible that the astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money because people won't die directly because they are running out of money
It is not possible that the astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money because money is not required to live.
It is not possible that the astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money because astronauts don't need money to live
It is not possible that the passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin because panda is too huge for an overhead cabin
It is not possible that the passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin because a panda can't fit in a overhead cabin
It is not possible that the passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin because animals don't go in overhead storage.
It is not possible that the people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911 because disasters make people sad and terrified
It is not possible that the people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911 because no one with a heart laugh at such tragedy
It is not possible that the people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911 because disaster of 911 was a sad incident there is nothing to laugh in it.
It is not possible that the aircraft landed on the highways as normal because aircraft don't land on highways in normal cases
It is not possible that the aircraft landed on the highways as normal because aircrafts cannot land on highways safely.
It is not possible that the aircraft landed on the highways as normal because aircrafts do not normally land on highways
It is not possible that lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late because taking a late subway will make people have more chance for being late for office
It is not possible that lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late because if the subway was late, the staff would be late.
It is not possible that lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late because transport being late has an opposite effect on timleiness.
It is not possible that he suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal because stepping on the brake pedal will make the car stop
It is not possible that he suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal because brake pedal are mean to make the car stop.
It is not possible that he suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal because brake pedals are used to slow down
It is not possible that there is an elephant hiding under the bed because there's not enough space under the bed for an elephant
It is not possible that there is an elephant hiding under the bed because an elephant would not fit under a bed.
It is not possible that there is an elephant hiding under the bed because elephant is much bigger than bed cannot hide under the bed.
It is not possible that the engineers cured his disease because engineers are not qualified as well as not allowed to cure people
It is not possible that the engineers cured his disease because engineers do not work in the medical field.
It is not possible that the engineers cured his disease because engineers don't know how to cure diseases
It is not possible that the sports car is running fast on its railway because sports cars don't have a railway
It is not possible that the sports car is running fast on its railway because sports cars have tires designed for roads and typically cannot be attached to a railway.
It is not possible that the sports car is running fast on its railway because trains run on railways, not sports cars.
It is not possible that the forest fire saved acres of woods because forest fire is a disaster for woods
It is not possible that the forest fire saved acres of woods because fires destroy woods, they don't spare them
It is not possible that the forest fire saved acres of woods because fire burns trees.
It is not possible that if you don't know how to solve the problem, just answer it because if one don't know how to solve a problem, they cannot answer it
It is not possible that if you don't know how to solve the problem, just answer it because you must know the answer to solve a problem.
It is not possible that if you don't know how to solve the problem, just answer it because you cannot answer a problem you don't know how to solve.
It is not possible that the traffic light goes green, he have to stop because green light means it's time to go
It is not possible that the traffic light goes green, he have to stop because green light is the signal to move.
It is not possible that the traffic light goes green, he have to stop because green lights mean go.
It is not possible that the troop asked for assistance with their gun because gun is a weapon, it cannot be used for asking assistance
It is not possible that the troop asked for assistance with their gun because one does not use a gun to ask for assistance.
It is not possible that the troop asked for assistance with their gun because troops know how to use guns and would not need assistance.
It is not possible that there is a huge dolphin in my backyard because dolphins lives in water
It is not possible that there is a huge dolphin in my backyard because the dolphins are living in sea water only.
It is not possible that there is a huge dolphin in my backyard because there are only dolphins in the sea
It is not possible that the kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so because the fork is not eatable
It is not possible that the kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so because humans don't eat fork
It is not possible that the kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so because it is humanly impossible to eat a fork
It is not possible that the loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves because the classroom is kept quite during the class
It is not possible that the loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves because class is mot a place where people enjoy loud music and alcohol.
It is not possible that the loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves because can't drink in class
It is not possible that his girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment because being early is a good thing
It is not possible that his girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment because being early does not cause trouble with appointments.
It is not possible that his girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment because being early for an event is not cause for annoyance in itself.
It is not possible that salads are usually considered junk food because salads are healthy food
It is not possible that salads are usually considered junk food because salads are healthy food.
It is not possible that salads are usually considered junk food because salads are heatlhy.
It is not possible that the government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian because shopping centers are the places for shopping and having fun
It is not possible that the government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian because shopping centers are generally non-governmental projects.
It is not possible that the government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian because the government does not build shopping centers.
It is not possible that i asked for a sucker in mcdonald's because mcdonald's don't provide sucker
It is not possible that i asked for a sucker in mcdonald's because mcdonald's does not sell suckers
It is not possible that i asked for a sucker in mcdonald's because mcdonald's does not serve candy.
It is not possible that the public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident because police should be praised for if they response quickly
It is not possible that the public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident because people would be happy that the police responded quickly.
It is not possible that the public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident because when  police respond quickly the public appreciate them
It is not possible that i poured cola into hair dryer because the hair drier can be destroyed by liquid
It is not possible that i poured cola into hair dryer because pouring cola into a hair dryer would break the hair dryer and mean you could not drink the cola.
It is not possible that i poured cola into hair dryer because a hairdryer will stop working if cola is poured into it.
It is not possible that that person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs because wheel chairs cannot move in the steps
It is not possible that that person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs because a person uses a wheelchair when they cannot use their legs to move so they may not be able to use steps.
It is not possible that that person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs because people in wheels can't do steps.
It is not possible that having been staring at the display for a whole day, my legs feel sick because people use their eyes to see the display
It is not possible that having been staring at the display for a whole day, my legs feel sick because staring at a display will not hurt your legs.
It is not possible that having been staring at the display for a whole day, my legs feel sick because staring at a display is unlikely to make legs feel sick.
It is not possible that i bought a spezi from a washing machine because washing machines are used for washing clothes
It is not possible that i bought a spezi from a washing machine because i didn't sell spezi in a washing machine
It is not possible that i bought a spezi from a washing machine because washing machines don't have spezi in them
It is not possible that he saw me through the wall because people cannot see things through the wall
It is not possible that he saw me through the wall because a wall is opaque, so it is impossible to see through one to the other side.
It is not possible that he saw me through the wall because walls are not transparent, therefore nobody can be seen through a wall.
It is not possible that the ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette because baguette cannot be used to kill people
It is not possible that the ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette because a baguette being bread cant kill anyone
It is not possible that the ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette because baguette is not a thing to kill the ancient knight.
It is not possible that he copied lots of files in a copy shredder because shredders are used for smashing files
It is not possible that he copied lots of files in a copy shredder because the shredder destroys paper and does not make copies.
It is not possible that he copied lots of files in a copy shredder because copy shredders cannot be used to copy files; only to destroy them.
It is not possible that he smashed the paper after finishing that because people are supposed to hand in the paper after finishing that
It is not possible that he smashed the paper after finishing that because smashing a newly finished paper is not normal behavior
It is not possible that he smashed the paper after finishing that because a paper is not thick enough to be smashed.
It is not possible that he picked up his tesla car and got off the train because the train cabin is not enough for containing a car
It is not possible that he picked up his tesla car and got off the train because picking up a car sounds like slang, and a car is too heavy to lift.
It is not possible that he picked up his tesla car and got off the train because tesla cars are too heavy for a person to pick up
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his foot because foots cannot unlock any doors
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his foot because you are unable to lock a door with one's foot.
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his foot because a door lock is not built to be opened with a foot
It is not possible that that guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake because earthquakes cannot be stopped by umbrella
It is not possible that that guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake because umbrella's aren't useful in earthquakes.
It is not possible that that guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake because an umbrella will not block an earthquake
It is not possible that he bought a hamburger in the post office because post offices are used for sending mails
It is not possible that he bought a hamburger in the post office because post offices are for mails and packages.
It is not possible that he bought a hamburger in the post office because a post office is not somewhere you can buy a hamburger.
It is not possible that she mailed some boats in the post office because boats are usually so huge
It is not possible that she mailed some boats in the post office because boats is much bigger than the post office.
It is not possible that she mailed some boats in the post office because boat's are too large to mail at the post office.
It is not possible that he got to know the time by watching his ass because there is not time on people's ass
It is not possible that he got to know the time by watching his ass because his ass does not tell time.
It is not possible that he got to know the time by watching his ass because an ass is not a timekeeping device.
It is not possible that we can sit down since there is enough people in the train because if other people occupy the seat, we cannot sit down
It is not possible that we can sit down since there is enough people in the train because the presence of enough people doesn't indicate that one can sit in the train.
It is not possible that we can sit down since there is enough people in the train because less seats would be available with more people on the train.
It is not possible that someone forgot the liver on the train because the liver is grown inside one's body
It is not possible that someone forgot the liver on the train because liver would not normally be on a train.
It is not possible that someone forgot the liver on the train because it's not normal forget body organs in a train.
It is not possible that there is a picture printed in the coffee because no one can print anything in coffee
It is not possible that there is a picture printed in the coffee because coffee is not a base material.
It is not possible that there is a picture printed in the coffee because coffee is a place where we cannot print the picture.
It is not possible that the train reached its terminal station, everyone died because the terminal station won't kill people
It is not possible that the train reached its terminal station, everyone died because reaching at terminal station of train is not responsible for anyone's death.
It is not possible that the train reached its terminal station, everyone died because everyone left the train upon reaching it so everyone could not have died
It is not possible that i'm having haircut at the firefighter's because firefighters' job is putting out the fire and save people
It is not possible that i'm having haircut at the firefighter's because firefighter's do not cut hair.
It is not possible that i'm having haircut at the firefighter's because people get their haircut at the salon.
It is not possible that the wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful because wood cannot reflect anything
It is not possible that the wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful because mirror is a thing that cannot be in the wooden material.
It is not possible that the wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful because mirrors are reflective, wood is non-reflective, therefore mirrors made of wood do not exist.
It is not possible that our ancient sailors found america continent by bus because sailors work on ships
It is not possible that our ancient sailors found america continent by bus because a bus does not sail.
It is not possible that our ancient sailors found america continent by bus because sailors don't use buses and there weren't buses back then
It is not possible that those students love this place so much, they are happy to say farewell because people will be sad to leave some place they love
It is not possible that those students love this place so much, they are happy to say farewell because students generally don't want to say goodbye to a place that they loved
It is not possible that those students love this place so much, they are happy to say farewell because loving a place means not being happy to leave it
It is not possible that the police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide id card because providing id card can prove one's identity
It is not possible that the police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide id card because id cards give you access to places.
It is not possible that the police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide id card because if id card is provided, no reason for police to make the person leave the train
It is not possible that the racer drives extremely fast in the room because the room is not suitable for driving
It is not possible that the racer drives extremely fast in the room because a room is not big enough to drive around in a car.
It is not possible that the racer drives extremely fast in the room because cars are too big to drive in rooms.
It is not possible that the judge screamed for the last goal because judges keeps calm during the soccer match
It is not possible that the judge screamed for the last goal because judges don't scream for goals.
It is not possible that the judge screamed for the last goal because judges are impartial and do not scream for either team
It is not possible that some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer because the cancer cannot be cured with lemon juice
It is not possible that some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer because lemon juice can't cure cancer
It is not possible that some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer because lemon juice can do a lot of things, but curing cancer is not one of them.
It is not possible that the airport witnesses so many deaths and injures because barely anyone die or get injured in the airport
It is not possible that the airport witnesses so many deaths and injures because there are not a lot of deaths in an airport.
It is not possible that the airport witnesses so many deaths and injures because deaths and injuries are rare at airports
It is not possible that one have to be young enough to play the shooting game because shooting games are usually violent
It is not possible that one have to be young enough to play the shooting game because shooting is an activity for adults
It is not possible that one have to be young enough to play the shooting game because you have to be older to shoot.
It is not possible that for seafood allergic people, they'd better not to eat bread because bread is not a kind of seafood
It is not possible that for seafood allergic people, they'd better not to eat bread because bread is not seafood.
It is not possible that for seafood allergic people, they'd better not to eat bread because bread is not a seafood so it has no impact on people with a seafood allergy.
It is not possible that cheating in the game is not fair for your computer because computers don't have any emotion
It is not possible that cheating in the game is not fair for your computer because computers don't care about fairness.
It is not possible that cheating in the game is not fair for your computer because computers are inanimate objects
It is not possible that taking one's own chopsticks to office is better because people normally don't have meal in office
It is not possible that taking one's own chopsticks to office is better because most people do not need chopsticks at the office.
It is not possible that taking one's own chopsticks to office is better because office does not require chopsticks.
It is not possible that i got a hair cut from the butcher because butchers' jobs are killing animals
It is not possible that i got a hair cut from the butcher because butcher does not have hair razors
It is not possible that i got a hair cut from the butcher because butchers cut meat, not hair
It is not possible that i found the car's trace on the cement road because cars will not leave any trace on cement road
It is not possible that i found the car's trace on the cement road because cement road does not show the car's trace.
It is not possible that i found the car's trace on the cement road because cement is a hard service that doesn't usually leave a trace
It is not possible that we were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam because traffic jams cause vehicles run slower than normal
It is not possible that we were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam because in traffice jam meeting cant take earlier because no one come in correct time.
It is not possible that we were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam because traffic jams increase travel time and delay arrivals
It is not possible that he went so excited that he didn't remember anything last night because being excited can help people remember things more clearly
It is not possible that he went so excited that he didn't remember anything last night because excitement rarely is a cause for amnesia
It is not possible that he went so excited that he didn't remember anything last night because excitement doesn't make you forget things.
It is not possible that she is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house because people laugh when they're happy
It is not possible that she is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house because laughter is not a typical response to being afraid
It is not possible that she is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house because we don't laugh at fear
It is not possible that they have to say hello to each other because they are leaving because people say hello when they meet each other
It is not possible that they have to say hello to each other because they are leaving because when people are leaving, they say 'bye'
It is not possible that they have to say hello to each other because they are leaving because hello is not a word that can't tell while leaving.
It is not possible that they liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice because people have to use their eyes to see the plot of movies
It is not possible that they liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice because movies should be seen and not just heard
It is not possible that they liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice because movies are to be watched.
It is not possible that people don't need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them because credit cards cannot function as glasses
It is not possible that people don't need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them because glasses and credit cards have nothing in common.
It is not possible that people don't need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them because glasses are not an acceptable form of currency
It is not possible that if you use speaker to enjoy your music, you won't bother others because everyone near the speaker can hear the sound of it
It is not possible that if you use speaker to enjoy your music, you won't bother others because loud voice of speaker can bother others.
It is not possible that if you use speaker to enjoy your music, you won't bother others because speakers will amplify the music and that will bother others
It is not possible that the fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet because vomiting will not produce any smoke
It is not possible that the fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet because fire alarms are triggered by smoke or fire, not by vomit.
It is not possible that the fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet because vomit is not fire.
It is not possible that if you don't want to carry things on your hand, bring a watermelon because people cannot put things in watermelons
It is not possible that if you don't want to carry things on your hand, bring a watermelon because watermelon is not a storage bag to keep the things its a fruit.
It is not possible that if you don't want to carry things on your hand, bring a watermelon because watermelons are large and would require both hands to hold one.
It is not possible that the host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house because grassland will not stop people
It is not possible that the host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house because grass is not a barrier to stop people.
It is not possible that the host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house because people can still step on grass to enter the house.
It is not possible that you'd better not try that dish if you can't tolerate rock music because rock music have nothing to do with dishes
It is not possible that you'd better not try that dish if you can't tolerate rock music because musical taste has nothing to do with how palatable a person finds a meal to be.
It is not possible that you'd better not try that dish if you can't tolerate rock music because rock is a musical style and not a food
It is not possible that don't forget to turn off the light if you're the first to come because the light should be turned on if there is person in the room
It is not possible that don't forget to turn off the light if you're the first to come because you don't turn off the lights when you arrive, you turn them on
It is not possible that don't forget to turn off the light if you're the first to come because you turn on lights when you are the first person there
It is not possible that the couple enjoyed their sex in the bus because public spaces is not suitable for making love
It is not possible that the couple enjoyed their sex in the bus because having sex on a public bus is illegal in most places
It is not possible that the couple enjoyed their sex in the bus because sex in public places such as on buses is illegal.
It is not possible that they used that application and called a bus because buses have their fixed routine
It is not possible that they used that application and called a bus because buses cannot be called from an application.
It is not possible that they used that application and called a bus because there is not an app that you can install on your phone to call a bus.
It is not possible that the sun will rise up from the west because the earth revolves around the sun
It is not possible that the sun will rise up from the west because the sun only rises in the east, and not from the west.
It is not possible that the sun will rise up from the west because viewed from the northern pole, earth rotates counter-clockwise and never changes the direction of rotation.
It is not possible that the law can not be changed because the constitution will change to solve the problem in the society
It is not possible that the law can not be changed because people alter the law when necessary.
It is not possible that the law can not be changed because laws are amended and can be changed to fit society's needs.
It is not possible that people will repeat the same mistake because people will learn from the mistakes
It is not possible that people will repeat the same mistake because people can learn from their mistakes and not repeat them
It is not possible that people will repeat the same mistake because most people learn from their mistakes and do not do the same things again.
It is not possible that drinking wine is good for health because alcohol in the wine is bad for our health
It is not possible that drinking wine is good for health because using alcohol is bad for a persons health.
It is not possible that drinking wine is good for health because drinking wine can be harmful to your health.
It is not possible that put our hands into the fire is safe because the fire is so hot that the hands of people can't bear it.
It is not possible that put our hands into the fire is safe because fire burns and therefore isn't safe to put your hand into.
It is not possible that put our hands into the fire is safe because fire burns hands.
It is not possible that two man can't fall in love with each other because love has no relation with sex
It is not possible that two man can't fall in love with each other because gay marriage is legal and common in many countries.
It is not possible that two man can't fall in love with each other because it is possible for two men to be in love, which is the reason why the concept of homosexuality even exists.
It is not possible that men can't wear skirts because skirts are just a kind of clothes and it has nothing to do with gender
It is not possible that men can't wear skirts because men can wear anything that they want whether acceptable or not if it can fit
It is not possible that men can't wear skirts because skirt can be worn by anyone.
It is not possible that air conditioning must be used in summer because cool summer days don't need air conditioning
It is not possible that air conditioning must be used in summer because some climates are not hot enough in the summer to require air conditioning
It is not possible that air conditioning must be used in summer because air conditioning is not must in summer it depends on the person needs.
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because a car has a powerful engine that can generate a lot of power
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because the power of car engine is higher than bike so car can not be slower than bike.
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because a bike is slower than a car.
It is not possible that the day is darker than the night because the sun is very bright during the day
It is not possible that the day is darker than the night because the sun is up during the day and down at night.
It is not possible that the day is darker than the night because day is bright
It is not possible that there are human beings living on the sun because the sun is too hot for human habitation
It is not possible that there are human beings living on the sun because the sun is only a ball of fire where life cannot survive.
It is not possible that there are human beings living on the sun because the sun is too hot for human beings to survive.
It is not possible that rabbits eat lions because lions are carnivores and rabbits are herbivores
It is not possible that rabbits eat lions because rabbits are small animals than lions.
It is not possible that rabbits eat lions because rabbits are herbivores.
It is not possible that if you want to eat food, you have to cook for yourself because you can to to the restaurant to eat food
It is not possible that if you want to eat food, you have to cook for yourself because one can also get food from outside.
It is not possible that if you want to eat food, you have to cook for yourself because you can eat food at restaurants or buy ready-made meals at stores.
It is not possible that if you fall, you will break a bone because only a heavy fall can break a bone
It is not possible that if you fall, you will break a bone because falling doesn't necessarily make a bone break.
It is not possible that if you fall, you will break a bone because some falls are not hard enough to break bones.
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because people's eyes are not suitable for eating foods
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because the eyes are used to see, not to eat.
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because the eyes do not connect to the digestive tract
It is not possible that pandas can be hunted because pandas are protected animals and are not allowed to be killed
It is not possible that pandas can be hunted because pandas are an endangered species.
It is not possible that pandas can be hunted because pandas are an endangered species.
It is not possible that if you want to lose weight, eat junk food because junk food will make people fat
It is not possible that if you want to lose weight, eat junk food because people gain weight from junk food.
It is not possible that if you want to lose weight, eat junk food because junk food helps to gain weight.
It is not possible that if you want to be white, just get in the sun because sunlight darkens people
It is not possible that if you want to be white, just get in the sun because sun exposure causes skin to tan, not whiten.
It is not possible that if you want to be white, just get in the sun because uv rays from the sun make skin darker
It is not possible that eating vegetables is bad for health because the vitamins in vegetables are good for health
It is not possible that eating vegetables is bad for health because vegetables are good for you.
It is not possible that eating vegetables is bad for health because vegetables have lots of vitamins and fiber that are good for health
It is not possible that if you want to make friends, you should stay alone because communication can lead to friendship
It is not possible that if you want to make friends, you should stay alone because you need to be social to make friends and would need to be around other people.
It is not possible that if you want to make friends, you should stay alone because making friends requires meeting people
It is not possible that dogs are our enemies because dogs have been domesticated for human service
It is not possible that dogs are our enemies because dogs are man's best friend.
It is not possible that dogs are our enemies because dogs are friendly animals
It is not possible that mosquitoes won't bite people because human blood is food for mosquitoes
It is not possible that mosquitoes won't bite people because people often get mosquito bites
It is not possible that mosquitoes won't bite people because mosquitoes feed on people and animals.
It is not possible that the arctic ocean won't freezes in winter because temperatures in the arctic ocean below zero degrees celsius in winter can freeze water
It is not possible that the arctic ocean won't freezes in winter because the artic is very cold so the ocean freezes in winter.
It is not possible that the arctic ocean won't freezes in winter because water freezes in -2  celsius
It is not possible that a thief stole my eyes because eyes is a part of our body,so it can't be stolen
It is not possible that a thief stole my eyes because a thief would not steal eyes.
It is not possible that a thief stole my eyes because eyes are not something people target for theft.
It is not possible that i eat the sun today because the sun is too big to eat
It is not possible that i eat the sun today because sun is a planet it can not be eaten.
It is not possible that i eat the sun today because it is physically impossible to eat the sun
It is not possible that my brother is menstruating because men can't menstruate
It is not possible that my brother is menstruating because men do not menstruate and a brother is a male.
It is not possible that my brother is menstruating because only females menstuate.
It is not possible that my brother likes flying because man cannot fly
It is not possible that my brother likes flying because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that my brother likes flying because humans cannot fly.
It is not possible that there must be aliens outside our solar system because scientists haven't proved the existence of aliens
It is not possible that there must be aliens outside our solar system because aliens do not exist.
It is not possible that there must be aliens outside our solar system because no proof of alien existence exists so we cannot say for definite that they exist.
It is not possible that eating fruit is bad for your health because the vitamins in fruit are good for the body
It is not possible that eating fruit is bad for your health because to be health one should eat fruit.
It is not possible that eating fruit is bad for your health because fruits are good n nutritious for health
It is not possible that jack caught a bear in the sea because there are no bears in the sea
It is not possible that jack caught a bear in the sea because bears do not live in the sea.
It is not possible that jack caught a bear in the sea because bear are found inside the forest not in the sea.
It is not possible that if you want a wound to heal quickly, put it into the dirty water because bacteria in dirty water can infect a wound
It is not possible that if you want a wound to heal quickly, put it into the dirty water because dirty water will make a wound infected and make it take longer to heal.
It is not possible that if you want a wound to heal quickly, put it into the dirty water because dirty water will not help a wound heal; it would probably make a wound worse.
It is not possible that i'm so hungry,so i have to take a shower because taking a shower won't make you feel full
It is not possible that i'm so hungry,so i have to take a shower because taking the shower is not responsible for satiate the hunger.
It is not possible that i'm so hungry,so i have to take a shower because shower cannot be done while we are hungry.
It is not possible that i can smell the light of the lamp because people can't smell the light
It is not possible that i can smell the light of the lamp because lights do not produce a smell.
It is not possible that i can smell the light of the lamp because lamps have no smell
It is not possible that if you want to arrive quickly, take a train because planes are faster than trains
It is not possible that if you want to arrive quickly, take a train because trains are a slow mode of transportation
It is not possible that if you want to arrive quickly, take a train because trains are slow moving and have multiple stops along the way, so not a quick way to get anywhere.
It is not possible that wear a jacket if you want to get cool because short sleeves are thinner and cooler than jackets
It is not possible that wear a jacket if you want to get cool because jackets will keep you warm in cool weather.
It is not possible that wear a jacket if you want to get cool because if you don't wear a jacket you will get cool.
It is not possible that get more sleep if you want to get fit because exercise burns calories
It is not possible that get more sleep if you want to get fit because getting more sleep doesn't help with getting fit
It is not possible that get more sleep if you want to get fit because sleeping is relaxing and you cannot get fit if you are asleep.
It is not possible that diamonds are falling outside because diamonds don't fall from the sky
It is not possible that diamonds are falling outside because diamonds do not fall from the sky.
It is not possible that diamonds are falling outside because diamonds are found within the earth, and are not a part of weather patterns.
It is not possible that if you want to protect your eyesight, look at the computer more often because computer radiation is bad for eyesight
It is not possible that if you want to protect your eyesight, look at the computer more often because staring at a computer screen for long periods hurts your eyes.
It is not possible that if you want to protect your eyesight, look at the computer more often because starting into a computer screen for long periods of time causes eye strain.
It is not possible that if you want to keep warm, stay close to the ice because the fire is warm
It is not possible that if you want to keep warm, stay close to the ice because ice is cold, not warm
It is not possible that if you want to keep warm, stay close to the ice because ice is cold.
It is not possible that work if you want to relax because sleep can give people energy
It is not possible that work if you want to relax because work is stressful and rushing.
It is not possible that work if you want to relax because working is the opposite of relaxing.
It is not possible that too much exercise can lead to health because too much exercise makes people lose focus and lead to injuries
It is not possible that too much exercise can lead to health because too much exercise puts strain on the body which can cause harm.
It is not possible that too much exercise can lead to health because while exercise is healthy, it can be overdone.
It is not possible that there are aliens on the moon because man has not proved that there is life on the moon
It is not possible that there are aliens on the moon because aliens do not exist.
It is not possible that there are aliens on the moon because so far, there is absolutely zero evidence of life on our moon, past or present.
It is not possible that all animals are very aggressive because domestic dogs are not aggressive
It is not possible that all animals are very aggressive because not every animal is aggressive; some are docile and friendly.
It is not possible that all animals are very aggressive because some animals are not aggressive
It is not possible that if you want to see farther, go to the basins because the higher you stand, the farther you can see
It is not possible that if you want to see farther, go to the basins because a basin is something typically found in a bathroom or a word used to describe a location in low elevation where water exists.
It is not possible that if you want to see farther, go to the basins because you won't see farther in water.
It is not possible that stand in the sun if you want to cool off because sunlight makes people feel hot
It is not possible that stand in the sun if you want to cool off because the sun produces heat
It is not possible that stand in the sun if you want to cool off because the sun is hot and would not help a person cool down.
It is not possible that don't bring an umbrella on rainy days because an umbrella keeps out the rain
It is not possible that don't bring an umbrella on rainy days because umbrellas are a decent rain shield
It is not possible that don't bring an umbrella on rainy days because umbrellas are tools used to keep rain off of your body, they should be used on rainy days.
It is not possible that staying up late is good for health because staying up late is not conducive to the recovery of physical function
It is not possible that staying up late is good for health because a good night sleep is good for health.
It is not possible that staying up late is good for health because staying up late is harmful for health
It is not possible that studying abroad will reduce your knowledge because going abroad you can see many new things and people
It is not possible that studying abroad will reduce your knowledge because people actually learn a lot while studying abroad.
It is not possible that studying abroad will reduce your knowledge because studying abroad will expand and expose you to new knowledge.
It is not possible that drinking more water is bad for health because water is essential to the human body
It is not possible that drinking more water is bad for health because the body is made up of mostly water, so drinking it is good.
It is not possible that drinking more water is bad for health because water is good for your health
It is not possible that humans can breathe the martian air directly because the martian air is low in oxygen
It is not possible that humans can breathe the martian air directly because there is not enough oxygen in martian air to sustain human life.
It is not possible that humans can breathe the martian air directly because it is not actually possible for humans to breathe martain air directly.
It is not possible that rats are the largest land animals because the elephant is bigger than the mouse
It is not possible that rats are the largest land animals because mice are small rodent animals
It is not possible that rats are the largest land animals because there are many species of land animals much larger than rats.
It is not possible that man is the fastest animal because the tiger runs faster than the man
It is not possible that man is the fastest animal because it is just a known fact that other animals are faster than man
It is not possible that man is the fastest animal because there are many species of animals that can move faster than man.
It is not possible that electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings because electronic devices save people a lot of time
It is not possible that electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings because electronic devices are helpful to humans.
It is not possible that electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings because electronic devices are not a blanket evil or harm in society.
It is not possible that driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind because driverless cars can free the driver's hands
It is not possible that driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind because driverless cars are so well programmed that they move more swiftly that cars driven by humans
It is not possible that driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind because driverless cars can make the roads safer and cause fewer accidents.
It is not possible that more people will be more productive because failure to work as a team reduces efficiency
It is not possible that more people will be more productive because more of something does not automatically lead to a better outcome and more people may just actually create confusion.
It is not possible that more people will be more productive because more people can cause a mess.
It is not possible that machines never go wrong because machines have bugs
It is not possible that machines never go wrong because there is always a likely hood that something can go wrong.
It is not possible that machines never go wrong because machines are not perfect, and occasionally break down or stop performing.
It is not possible that fish are flying in the sky because fish can't fly
It is not possible that fish are flying in the sky because fish don't fly.
It is not possible that fish are flying in the sky because fish can only live in water.
It is not possible that money is everything because money can't buy health
It is not possible that money is everything because there are things in all of everything that aren't worth money.
It is not possible that money is everything because money is not everything. there is more to life.
It is not possible that people can stop breathing because people die without oxygen
It is not possible that people can stop breathing because people would die if they stopped breathing.
It is not possible that people can stop breathing because people will die if stop breathing.
It is not possible that good-looking people are sure to find jobs because the company focuses on practical ability
It is not possible that good-looking people are sure to find jobs because no one is ever allotted a job just based on their looks.
It is not possible that good-looking people are sure to find jobs because looks do not influence hiring.
It is not possible that all the leaves are green because the withered leaves are yellow
It is not possible that all the leaves are green because leaves can be different colors
It is not possible that all the leaves are green because all leaves are not green. in the fall they are yellow, orange,  and red
It is not possible that i went to the toilet to eat food because there's no food in the toilet.
It is not possible that i went to the toilet to eat food because people don't generally eat on the toilet
It is not possible that i went to the toilet to eat food because people do not eat food in the toilet usually
It is not possible that i went to the moon to pick apples because there are no apple trees on the moon
It is not possible that i went to the moon to pick apples because there are apples on the moon.
It is not possible that i went to the moon to pick apples because apples do not grow on the moon.
It is not possible that i was thirsty so i went to eat bread because drink water to rehydrate your body
It is not possible that i was thirsty so i went to eat bread because when we are hungry we eat food but if we are thirsty we drink water.
It is not possible that i was thirsty so i went to eat bread because eating bread doesn't quench thirst
It is not possible that i felt cold so i took off some clothes because clothes protect against the cold
It is not possible that i felt cold so i took off some clothes because if you take off clothes, you will feel colder.
It is not possible that i felt cold so i took off some clothes because if you take off your clothes, you're even colder
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, play games because playing games won't help you master knowledge better
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, play games because playing games does not help with getting good grades
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, play games because playing games does not help with academic success
It is not possible that china's history is short because china has a history of 5,000 years
It is not possible that china's history is short because china has been around for awhile
It is not possible that china's history is short because china is a very old country.
It is not possible that man can breathe in space because there is no air in space
It is not possible that man can breathe in space because there is no oxygen in space.
It is not possible that man can breathe in space because there is no oxygen in space and hence man can't breathe in space.
It is not possible that i saw a tiger in the sky yesterday because tigers can't fly
It is not possible that i saw a tiger in the sky yesterday because tigers are ground animals that cannot fly.
It is not possible that i saw a tiger in the sky yesterday because the tiger only walks the earth and not the sky
It is not possible that i got hurt so i went to the restaurant because a hospital is a place of treatment
It is not possible that i got hurt so i went to the restaurant because when someone is injured, that someone typically addresses the injury before the appetite.
It is not possible that i got hurt so i went to the restaurant because a restaurant is a place to go eat.
It is not possible that jim doesn't like fruit so he often eats apples because apples are fruits
It is not possible that jim doesn't like fruit so he often eats apples because if jim doesn't like fruit he won't eat an apple
It is not possible that jim doesn't like fruit so he often eats apples because jim will not eat apples if he doesn't like fruit.
It is not possible that mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries because it takes a lot of money to buy luxury goods
It is not possible that mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries because luxuries is a lifestyle only happen with lots of money.
It is not possible that mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries because luxuries does not buy without money.
It is not possible that two lovers are bound to get married because there are many factors that affect marriage
It is not possible that two lovers are bound to get married because lovers not always bond to marry.
It is not possible that two lovers are bound to get married because love is antithetical to marriage.
It is not possible that first-class airline seats are for the fat because first class seats are expensive
It is not possible that first-class airline seats are for the fat because first-class is typically an upgrade including comfier seating and extra items
It is not possible that first-class airline seats are for the fat because skinny people can also be in first class.
It is not possible that the telephone is the most important thing in human society because there are many important inventions in human society
It is not possible that the telephone is the most important thing in human society because the telephone is one of the important things, but not the most important thing.
It is not possible that the telephone is the most important thing in human society because human society was there when there were no phones, so phones are not most important
It is not possible that i had rocks for breakfast because stone is not human food
It is not possible that i had rocks for breakfast because rocks are not edible
It is not possible that i had rocks for breakfast because rocks are not a breakfast item.
It is not possible that i went out in an umbrella because umbrellas are not clothes
It is not possible that i went out in an umbrella because an umbrella cannot be worn.
It is not possible that i went out in an umbrella because you cannot wear an umbrella, it is not clothing.
It is not possible that he was very happy because he got low marks in the exam because low scores are frustrating
It is not possible that he was very happy because he got low marks in the exam because people usually feel unhappy or sad if they do not do well on an exam.
It is not possible that he was very happy because he got low marks in the exam because low exam grades are detrimental and usually cause sadness.
It is not possible that he went to prison for charity because charity is not against the law and is respected
It is not possible that he went to prison for charity because charity is not illegal
It is not possible that he went to prison for charity because people go to prison for crimes, not acts of kindness.
It is not possible that the soup was very bad i drank a lot of it because no one likes a bad soup
It is not possible that the soup was very bad i drank a lot of it because you do not drink a lot of things that are bad.
It is not possible that the soup was very bad i drank a lot of it because bad things don't taste good.
It is not possible that i left my home at key because the house is too big to put on the key
It is not possible that i left my home at key because home is much bigger than key to keep.
It is not possible that i left my home at key because you cannot leave your home in your key.
It is not possible that i lost my shoes while i was waiting for the traffic lights because i can't lose my shoes when i put them on
It is not possible that i lost my shoes while i was waiting for the traffic lights because you can't loose your shoes while you're wearing them
It is not possible that i lost my shoes while i was waiting for the traffic lights because shoes are always tied to the foot and cannot be lost.
It is not possible that there was a tornado outside so i went for a walk because no one wants to go out during a tornado
It is not possible that there was a tornado outside so i went for a walk because walking outside when there is a tornado is dangerous
It is not possible that there was a tornado outside so i went for a walk because it is dangerous to walk in a tornado.
It is not possible that my leg hurt so i went to play basketball because injured leg can't play basketball
It is not possible that my leg hurt so i went to play basketball because when the leg hurts ,it is not possible to play.
It is not possible that my leg hurt so i went to play basketball because if your leg is hurting, you don't play basketball
It is not possible that i smoke in the plane because smoking is not allowed on the plane
It is not possible that i smoke in the plane because smoking is no longer allowed in a plane.
It is not possible that i smoke in the plane because you're not allowed to smoke on planes nowadays
It is not possible that i drink my tea slowly during the earthquake because it's dangerous to evacuate quickly
It is not possible that i drink my tea slowly during the earthquake because earthquakes invoke panic not slowness
It is not possible that i drink my tea slowly during the earthquake because earthquakes are dangerous and spill tea.
It is not possible that i grow potatoes on mars because you can't grow plants on mars
It is not possible that i grow potatoes on mars because there are no potatoes on mars.
It is not possible that i grow potatoes on mars because mars does not support vegetation.
It is not possible that cut off your toes if you don't want your socks to cut because cutting off toes is unnecessary and can be disabling
It is not possible that cut off your toes if you don't want your socks to cut because socks cannot cut the toes.
It is not possible that cut off your toes if you don't want your socks to cut because cutting off your toes would not make your socks more comfortable.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the playground best because there is no water in the playground
It is not possible that i like swimming in the playground best because playgrounds do not have an area for swimming.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the playground best because a playgound consists of ground, not water.
It is not possible that the roof was covered with wind because wind consists of air that cannot cover things
It is not possible that the roof was covered with wind because wind is not visible, therefore cannot be covered in it
It is not possible that the roof was covered with wind because wind is not a mass that can cover something.
It is not possible that i'm going to walk to school because i'm in a hurry because walking does not save time
It is not possible that i'm going to walk to school because i'm in a hurry because walking is a very slow method of transportation not associated with people in a rush to get somewhere.
It is not possible that i'm going to walk to school because i'm in a hurry because to walk somewhere will take longer than to be driven there.
It is not possible that my dog feed me every day because dogs can't feed people
It is not possible that my dog feed me every day because dogs have to be fed by their masters.
It is not possible that my dog feed me every day because dog can't feed.
It is not possible that he explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students because people can't write anything on the sky
It is not possible that he explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students because the steps can't be written on the sky.
It is not possible that he explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students because the sky is not a surface for writing.
It is not possible that the music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere because tables cannot produce music
It is not possible that the music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere because table does not use to play the music to relax the people.
It is not possible that the music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere because music is not played by tables.
It is not possible that it's bitter for couples to reunion because reunion of beloved people bring happiness
It is not possible that it's bitter for couples to reunion because reunion is a good thing.
It is not possible that it's bitter for couples to reunion because couples don't hate getting together
It is not possible that i need to be patient to catch my schedule because being patient cannot not make things quicker
It is not possible that i need to be patient to catch my schedule because waiting to catch up is a bad idea
It is not possible that i need to be patient to catch my schedule because patience will further delay the schedule.
It is not possible that people have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream because music stream is an electronic media
It is not possible that people have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream because music streams are electronic and not delivered
It is not possible that people have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream because delivery and music stream are not related
It is not possible that people have to swim for a long distance in a marathon because marathon is a kind of running test
It is not possible that people have to swim for a long distance in a marathon because a marathon is a running race not a swimming race.
It is not possible that people have to swim for a long distance in a marathon because the marathon is a long-distance running race
It is not possible that the pianist earned face palm in the hall because people won't face palm the player even if they're not good enough
It is not possible that the pianist earned face palm in the hall because a face palm would not be a way to show appreciation.
It is not possible that the pianist earned face palm in the hall because a performer does not earn a face palm, since this gesture represents failure
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour because vinegar is sour
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour because both lemon juice and vinegar are sour, so adding vinegar will not make lemon juice less sour.
It is not possible that adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour because vinegar will make lemon juice more sour.
It is not possible that the troop detected enemy plane with their medal because medals cannot be used for locating aircraft
It is not possible that the troop detected enemy plane with their medal because medals generally can't detect planes.
It is not possible that the troop detected enemy plane with their medal because medals are small metal items worn on a soldier's chest
It is not possible that the last movie of the game is awesome because movies are not consisted of chapters
It is not possible that the last movie of the game is awesome because game does not include movies.
It is not possible that the last movie of the game is awesome because games consist of parts or pieces, not movies.
It is not possible that running in the athletic track is not safe because athletic track is made for running
It is not possible that running in the athletic track is not safe because athlethic tracks are designed for running and are generally safe.
It is not possible that running in the athletic track is not safe because the atheltic track at the high school is a excellent place to run safely.
It is not possible that a camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen because cameras is not a protection component of cell phones
It is not possible that a camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen because a camera has not effect on whether or not your phone screen will break if you drop it.
It is not possible that a camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen because a camera does not helps to smashing the screen of the cell phones.
It is not possible that he is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin because dustbins are made for throwing garbages
It is not possible that he is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin because dustbin is the official place for throwing garbage.
It is not possible that he is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin because garbage should go in the dustbin, so he would not be fined for putting garbage in the dustbin.
It is not possible that to become a state of law, the president should change the constitution in secret because changing the constitution have to be approved by public in a state of law
It is not possible that to become a state of law, the president should change the constitution in secret because the president is not allowed to change the constituion.
It is not possible that to become a state of law, the president should change the constitution in secret because constitution changes need congress approval.
It is not possible that paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment because paper bags can be degraded within a short time
It is not possible that paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment because paper bags are biodegradable and therefore cause less damage to the environment.
It is not possible that paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment because paper bags are biodegradable.
It is not possible that people obtain sea salt from the dessert because there is not salt contained in sand
It is not possible that people obtain sea salt from the dessert because desserts and deserts contain very little sea salt.
It is not possible that people obtain sea salt from the dessert because there's no sea salt in the desert
It is not possible that since he is about to leave, his roommates give him a surprise funeral because people have funeral when someone died
It is not possible that since he is about to leave, his roommates give him a surprise funeral because a funeral is only for someone who has died, not for someone who is just leaving a place.
It is not possible that since he is about to leave, his roommates give him a surprise funeral because funerals are for mourning the dead, and are not used to celebrate milestone events.
It is not possible that the sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky because the sand is not reflexive
It is not possible that the sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky because sand is found on the beach, not on roads.
It is not possible that the sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky because sand is solid with rough surface which doesn't reflect
It is not possible that the video game called "pure white" sounds beautiful because people play video game with their eyes, ears as well as hands
It is not possible that the video game called "pure white" sounds beautiful because pure white which sounds beautiful does not belong to the video game.
It is not possible that the video game called "pure white" sounds beautiful because a video game cannot be termed " beautiful"
It is not possible that two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel because brothels are not formal meeting places
It is not possible that two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel because a brothel would be an inappropriate place for two world leaders to meet.
It is not possible that two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel because brothels are not places to exchange opinions.
It is not possible that i got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall because human cannot go through the glass curtain wall
It is not possible that i got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall because you can't go through a glass curtain wall
It is not possible that i got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall because you cannot walk through walls.
It is not possible that there is no speed limitation on germany highway, thus the driver can drive as far as they can because speed limitation is for constraining the vehicles' speed
It is not possible that there is no speed limitation on germany highway, thus the driver can drive as far as they can because driving fast does not mean you have to drive far.
It is not possible that there is no speed limitation on germany highway, thus the driver can drive as far as they can because distance doesn't equal speed
It is not possible that you should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth because politicians cannot cure diseases
It is not possible that you should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth because politicians deal with politics, they are not doctors.
It is not possible that you should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth because politicians can't fix teeth
It is not possible that the police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun because water gun does no damage to people
It is not possible that the police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun because water guns wouldn't stop a criminal
It is not possible that the police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun because a head shot cannot happen with a water gun, since it is for summer fun.
It is not possible that our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant because dictatorial president don't spend time with their people
It is not possible that our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant because there is no relationship between eating at popular restaurants and being a dictator.
It is not possible that our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant because eating buns does not make you a dictator or a hypocrite.
It is not possible that it's hard to recognize what's in there in an objective painting because objective paintings are about specific things
It is not possible that it's hard to recognize what's in there in an objective painting because objective paintings have obvious things in them.
It is not possible that it's hard to recognize what's in there in an objective painting because objective paintings are not hard to recognize.
It is not possible that the ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains because there is not lots of fishes in the mountains
It is not possible that the ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains because fish are not in mountains.
It is not possible that the ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains because fish don't live in the mountains
It is not possible that a drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current because there is no power in the drifting bottle
It is not possible that a drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current because drifting bottle have no energy to travel against ocean current.
It is not possible that a drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current because drifting bottles are not strong enough to go against the current.
It is not possible that the employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright because bright light keeps people awake
It is not possible that the employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright because bright lights make you awake.
It is not possible that the employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright because bright rooms don't cause sleepiness
It is not possible that having a sunbath at night will make people feel released because there is no sunlight during the night
It is not possible that having a sunbath at night will make people feel released because it is impossible to take a sunbath at night.
It is not possible that having a sunbath at night will make people feel released because the sun is not out at night.
It is not possible that the driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car because tyre is not made for containing luggage of the passengers
It is not possible that the driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car because you can not store things in a tyre
It is not possible that the driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car because tires are rubber wheels that help a car move
It is not possible that he sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend because credit cards are not memorial
It is not possible that he sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend because credit cards are only used by the person they are issued to, you cannot send one as a souvenir.
It is not possible that he sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend because credit card is too expensive to be used for souvenir.
It is not possible that they built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare because cinemas cannot act as a entity to remember dead people
It is not possible that they built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare because a cinema is a place people watch movies at.
It is not possible that they built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare because dead people do not watch movies at a cinema.
It is not possible that he is poor at written english, thus he is afraid to talk to others because one don't need to write when they are talking to others
It is not possible that he is poor at written english, thus he is afraid to talk to others because being poor at written english doesn't relate to being poor at talking to others or being afraid of doing so
It is not possible that he is poor at written english, thus he is afraid to talk to others because speech has nothing to do with writing.
It is not possible that living people cannot die because people will die soon or later
It is not possible that living people cannot die because living people will always die
It is not possible that living people cannot die because everthing that lives must die.
It is not possible that refugees brought so many wealth because refugees are poor
It is not possible that refugees brought so many wealth because refugees did not being wealth, instesd they brought safety concerns.
It is not possible that refugees brought so many wealth because refugees don't bring a lot of money with them
It is not possible that the metro started service because of the metro driver's strike because people won't work when they are striking
It is not possible that the metro started service because of the metro driver's strike because the drivers are striking, so there would be no one to drive.
It is not possible that the metro started service because of the metro driver's strike because a strike would make it impossible for the subway to function.
It is not possible that it's a town far from the city, i can see the moon shining in the sky because the moon won't shine in the sky
It is not possible that it's a town far from the city, i can see the moon shining in the sky because the moon doesn't shine, it only reflects the light from the sun.
It is not possible that it's a town far from the city, i can see the moon shining in the sky because moon is not a thing that shines in the sky.
It is not possible that they have some whales in their fish tank because whales are too big for the fish tank
It is not possible that they have some whales in their fish tank because whales are too big for fish tanks.
It is not possible that they have some whales in their fish tank because personal fish tanks can't hold whales
It is not possible that he subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos because people only subscribe to what they like
It is not possible that he subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos because disliked videos does not require subscription.
It is not possible that he subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos because people don't subscribe to channels that upload videos they don't like.
It is not possible that the air quality is not good enough, thus i bought bottle water because buying bottle water will not solve the air quality problem
It is not possible that the air quality is not good enough, thus i bought bottle water because drinking bottled water has nothing to do with air quality
It is not possible that the air quality is not good enough, thus i bought bottle water because buying water will not affect the air quality
It is not possible that he drew all the japanese comics in his cheat sheet because student use the cheat sheet to write things that benefit their exams
It is not possible that he drew all the japanese comics in his cheat sheet because a cheat sheet will not have that much space to draw all the japanese comics.
It is not possible that he drew all the japanese comics in his cheat sheet because cheat sheets are used to cheat during exams to get good marks.
It is not possible that he discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture because lectures are for the professor to give new lessons
It is not possible that he discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture because during a lecture people do not express issues, they listen.
It is not possible that he discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture because talking is usually not permitted during class lectures.
It is not possible that the sky turned green during the sunset because the sky will not turn green anytime
It is not possible that the sky turned green during the sunset because colors of the sunset range from purple to yellow but never includes green.
It is not possible that the sky turned green during the sunset because green isn't a naturally occurring color in the sky.
It is not possible that he does research work to kill his time because the research work is meaningful
It is not possible that he does research work to kill his time because it's not cool to spend time with jobs
It is not possible that he does research work to kill his time because research work is not done to kill time as it does not relax  a person.
It is not possible that he feels alone because everyone talk to him because talking with other can release the feeling of alone
It is not possible that he feels alone because everyone talk to him because getting talked to is not being alone
It is not possible that he feels alone because everyone talk to him because if you are surrounded by people talking to you, you're not alone.
It is not possible that everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake because people celebrating when there is some good thing going on
It is not possible that everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake because people don't celebrate earthquakes.
It is not possible that everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake because severe earthquakes cause destruction and are not something to celebrate.
It is not possible that the phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation because customers will be less triggered to buy a phone that lacks of innovation
It is not possible that the phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation because people will not ordinarily buy a phone that is not innovative
It is not possible that the phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation because if a phone lacks innovation, it won't sell well
It is not possible that people have a great probability to travel to mars by bus in the following decades because buses cannot travel in space
It is not possible that people have a great probability to travel to mars by bus in the following decades because busses cannot fly
It is not possible that people have a great probability to travel to mars by bus in the following decades because there are no roads to mars
It is not possible that workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe because underwear won't protect people from accidents
It is not possible that workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe because underwear is not used to keep the people safe.
It is not possible that workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe because underwear is not so hard to protect the workers.
It is not possible that diseases make people enhance brilliant moments because diseases will make people suffer
It is not possible that diseases make people enhance brilliant moments because diseases bring on pain and agony
It is not possible that diseases make people enhance brilliant moments because disease prevents brilliant moments.
It is not possible that surgery falls back as time passes because surgery is developing better and better thanks to the research of human
It is not possible that surgery falls back as time passes because surgery does not fall.
It is not possible that surgery falls back as time passes because medical fields are always searching for new innovation and solutions.
It is not possible that talking in one's mother tongue makes one feel disgusting because people like hearing their mother tongue
It is not possible that talking in one's mother tongue makes one feel disgusting because speaking a native language is a comforting feeling for people.
It is not possible that talking in one's mother tongue makes one feel disgusting because it is effortless and natural to speak in one's mother tongue.
It is not possible that traditional culture is always a positive thing because every nation's tradition culture have some negative parts
It is not possible that traditional culture is always a positive thing because there are multiple cases in which traditional culture goes against ethics, moral and common sense.
It is not possible that traditional culture is always a positive thing because traditional cultures can have outdated or negative aspects.
It is not possible that the choir is preparing for their next battle because members in a choir are not soldier
It is not possible that the choir is preparing for their next battle because people do not sing for battle.
It is not possible that the choir is preparing for their next battle because choirs sing, they don't fight battles.
It is not possible that heavy clouds are hovering above my head, there must be good weather soon because low and heavy cloud will bring rain and storm
It is not possible that heavy clouds are hovering above my head, there must be good weather soon because heavy clouds indicate rain.
It is not possible that heavy clouds are hovering above my head, there must be good weather soon because heavy clouds never suggests good weather.
It is not possible that the pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him because watches will not save pilot from air crashes
It is not possible that the pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him because watches won't slow your fall
It is not possible that the pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him because a watch is not be something that can save a person's life from a plane crash.
It is not possible that i had a nice sleep on my pool because people cannot sleep in water
It is not possible that i had a nice sleep on my pool because pool are not a common place to sleep.
It is not possible that i had a nice sleep on my pool because people go into pools to swim, not to sleep.
It is not possible that he inflated his breast with a inflator because inflator is not suitable for inflating people's breast
It is not possible that he inflated his breast with a inflator because breasts do not inflate.
It is not possible that he inflated his breast with a inflator because men don't have breasts, and breasts themselves are not enhanced with an air pump.
It is not possible that he cannot get his phd degree because he doesn't have wife because getting married is not the requirement for getting phd degree
It is not possible that he cannot get his phd degree because he doesn't have wife because a phd thesis typically does not depend upon spouses.
It is not possible that he cannot get his phd degree because he doesn't have wife because having a wife wouldn't impact getting a phd
It is not possible that the dj made the airport extremely high because airport doesn't need dj, since they don't need loud music
It is not possible that the dj made the airport extremely high because airports typically do not have djs
It is not possible that the dj made the airport extremely high because the dj only works at parties
It is not possible that don't get too close to the ant, it may eat you because ants are too small to eat human
It is not possible that don't get too close to the ant, it may eat you because ants don't eat humans.
It is not possible that don't get too close to the ant, it may eat you because ants are not known to eat humans
It is not possible that we create poem because we are monkey, and the human, is full of passion because monkeys don't write poems
It is not possible that we create poem because we are monkey, and the human, is full of passion because monkeys don't create poems.
It is not possible that we create poem because we are monkey, and the human, is full of passion because humans are not monkeys.
It is not possible that people gain satisfaction from self-denial because self-denial will make people feel bad all the times
It is not possible that people gain satisfaction from self-denial because self-denial does not bring satisfaction to people.
It is not possible that people gain satisfaction from self-denial because self-denial has more to do with inner turmoil and things a person is not willing to accept, which leads to negative feelings.
It is not possible that split the smoke directly to one's face is good for health because smoke is bad for health
It is not possible that split the smoke directly to one's face is good for health because second hand smoke is categorically not good for one's health.
It is not possible that split the smoke directly to one's face is good for health because smoke is not healthy, so spitting it into one's face is bad for health.
It is not possible that people may fall in love with someone they have never seen because people won't fall in love with an entirely stranger
It is not possible that people may fall in love with someone they have never seen because you must see a person to fall in love.
It is not possible that people may fall in love with someone they have never seen because people need to see each other to fall in love.
It is not possible that there is different kinds of insects in the tea because insects cannot be made into tea
It is not possible that there is different kinds of insects in the tea because insects are not primary tea ingredients
It is not possible that there is different kinds of insects in the tea because insects do not go in tea, but flowers do.
It is not possible that their spirit sounds pretty good because spirit is not a kind of sound
It is not possible that their spirit sounds pretty good because spirit is a inner mental strength.
It is not possible that their spirit sounds pretty good because the spirit is not a phrase.
It is not possible that dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious because beef is not a kind of sauce
It is not possible that dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious because beef is a solid food.
It is not possible that dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious because you can't dip into beef
It is not possible that the factory contributes lots of rain to the local community because factories will not intervene the local weather
It is not possible that the factory contributes lots of rain to the local community because the rain comes from the sky
It is not possible that the factory contributes lots of rain to the local community because rain is not a manufactured commodity.
It is not possible that the ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production, thus caused the famine because famines are caused by lacking of food
It is not possible that the ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production, thus caused the famine because a famine caused by improved food production is highly unlikely
It is not possible that the ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production, thus caused the famine because bogus policy can decrease the food production and thus creates famine.
It is not possible that we used our tax income to help foreign poor people because taxes income is used for the tax payers
It is not possible that we used our tax income to help foreign poor people because our taxes go to help our town, not the world.
It is not possible that we used our tax income to help foreign poor people because tax revenue is used locally to help people.
It is not possible that drinking more water will help you grow taller because water does not offer nutrition for growth and development
It is not possible that drinking more water will help you grow taller because water hydrates the body; does not make it grow.
It is not possible that drinking more water will help you grow taller because water is not attributed to growth in humans
It is not possible that he toggled the switch to turn his ass on because human's ass is not electronic
It is not possible that he toggled the switch to turn his ass on because there is no buttons on asses.
It is not possible that he toggled the switch to turn his ass on because there isn't a switch to activate an ass
It is not possible that he is waiting for his flight in the metro station because flights will not land in metro station
It is not possible that he is waiting for his flight in the metro station because trains and subway cars use metro stations.
It is not possible that he is waiting for his flight in the metro station because metro station is for trains , where as for flight one must go to airport.
It is not possible that finally it's time to leave, i'm upset to say hello to my friends because "hello" is used when people meet each other
It is not possible that finally it's time to leave, i'm upset to say hello to my friends because when you leave, you do not say hello.
It is not possible that finally it's time to leave, i'm upset to say hello to my friends because when you're leaving, you're saying goodbye
It is not possible that if you fall, the acceleration is towards the sky because the earth will attract everything because of the law of gravity
It is not possible that if you fall, the acceleration is towards the sky because gravity pulls objects towards the ground, making it impossible for most objects to rise.
It is not possible that if you fall, the acceleration is towards the sky because gravity makes you accelerate towards the ground, not the sky when you are falling.
It is not possible that i have to return the borrowed book to the library, or i would have souvenir because libraries don't give souvenirs to the rule breakers
It is not possible that i have to return the borrowed book to the library, or i would have souvenir because a borrowed book would not be a souvenir
It is not possible that i have to return the borrowed book to the library, or i would have souvenir because library books are only lent to people, they don't get to keep them.
It is not possible that the patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died because the ash of a person is not useful
It is not possible that the patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died because ashes are burnt remains, they are not able to use for transplants, etc.
It is not possible that the patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died because ash is not donated, but organs are.
It is not possible that she jumped off the table to find her died lover because a table is not high enough to kill people
It is not possible that she jumped off the table to find her died lover because jumping off from the table can not do anything.
It is not possible that she jumped off the table to find her died lover because jumping off a table will not kill someone
It is not possible that the game handle is popular among music loving teenagers because game handles can not play any sound
It is not possible that the game handle is popular among music loving teenagers because game handle is popular only among game lovers
It is not possible that the game handle is popular among music loving teenagers because game handles don't play music.
It is not possible that the pianist is famous for playing violin because the pianist is the person who play piano
It is not possible that the pianist is famous for playing violin because a pianist usually play piano and a violinist can play a violin.
It is not possible that the pianist is famous for playing violin because pianist only plays the piano
It is not possible that the tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home because the tsunami will destroy houses
It is not possible that the tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home because tsunami is a diaster that causes people lose their homes
It is not possible that the tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home because the tsunami would wash away people's homes not help them find it
It is not possible that the doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy because the penicillin is not used to deal with person
It is not possible that the doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy because penicillin does not helps to fight back his enemy.
It is not possible that the doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy because penicillin isn't something to use against someone
It is not possible that the old man is gone for a business trip, leaving his heritage behind because people will not die when they go for a business trip
It is not possible that the old man is gone for a business trip, leaving his heritage behind because heritages are left when people die.
It is not possible that the old man is gone for a business trip, leaving his heritage behind because the word "trip" implies a temporary leave of absence, meaning he will eventually come back to whatever he has left.
It is not possible that the spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water because the water will not hurt kids
It is not possible that the spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water because water is good for kids, so the spirit containing too much water would not make it unsuitable for kids.
It is not possible that the spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water because the spirit is a kind of alcohol.
It is not possible that he hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again because people will not play music they don't like for too many times
It is not possible that he hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again because most music listeners are not masochistic enough to play a song they hate on repeat.
It is not possible that he hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again because if he hated the song he would not play it.
It is not possible that animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales because animal protectionists help to save the animals
It is not possible that animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales because animal protectionists want to prevent animal deaths
It is not possible that animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales because animal protectionists do not want whales killed.
It is not possible that the turtle will take you far away, but it doesn't matter because turtles travel so slow, and they cannot carry human
It is not possible that the turtle will take you far away, but it doesn't matter because turtles are not a mode of transportation.
It is not possible that the turtle will take you far away, but it doesn't matter because a turtle moves slowly to take one far away.
It is not possible that people have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere because restaurants don't deal with administrative things
It is not possible that people have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere because restaurants are not responsible for finding people accomodation or for registering people who live in a place.
It is not possible that people have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere because a local restaurant has nothing to do with  registration for moving somewhere else.
It is not possible that they will definitely leave here, since they had such a happy life in this place because people want to live in the place they love
It is not possible that they will definitely leave here, since they had such a happy life in this place because people do not leave places they had a happy time at.
It is not possible that they will definitely leave here, since they had such a happy life in this place because you don't want to leave happy places.
It is not possible that today is february 30th because february only has 28 days or 29 days.
It is not possible that today is february 30th because february has maximum 29 days in the month.
It is not possible that today is february 30th because february only has 29 days at most
It is not possible that a good knowledge of english will improve your chances of unemployment because knowledge of english will not let people be unemployed.
It is not possible that a good knowledge of english will improve your chances of unemployment because quite the oposite, english will take you anywhere in the world.
It is not possible that a good knowledge of english will improve your chances of unemployment because english is the one of the most common languages so it should improve your chances
It is not possible that you might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling because people do not use monkey to gamble.
It is not possible that you might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling because a monkey is not something that can be gamled with, or thrown away.
It is not possible that you might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling because sensical statement1 and nonsensical statement1 are same.
It is not possible that i am a football because a person is not a football.
It is not possible that i am a football because a human cannot be a football.
It is not possible that i am a football because you`re a human, not football
It is not possible that he eats a large income because income cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he eats a large income because money is not edible.
It is not possible that he eats a large income because eating money is difficult, as coins are too hard to chew.
It is not possible that can you move out of my fridge because people do not stay in the fridge.
It is not possible that can you move out of my fridge because movable things are not kept inside fridges.
It is not possible that can you move out of my fridge because in general, people don't go into fridges in the first place.
It is not possible that did you drink the bus because people do not drink the bus.
It is not possible that did you drink the bus because you cannot drink a bus
It is not possible that did you drink the bus because a bus is too big to be drunk
It is not possible that does the computer ever make a cake because computers are not able to make cakes.
It is not possible that does the computer ever make a cake because computers can't make a cake
It is not possible that does the computer ever make a cake because the capabilities of a computer are limited technological actions through hardware, software, and coding.
It is not possible that draw your chair up to the moon because moon is too far away.
It is not possible that draw your chair up to the moon because the moon within the night sky.
It is not possible that draw your chair up to the moon because a moon is too high for a chair to be drawn there.
It is not possible that not a soup was heard because soup is uncountable.
It is not possible that not a soup was heard because soup does not make noise.
It is not possible that not a soup was heard because soups don't make sound
It is not possible that he is running an old man because run is a intransitive verb.
It is not possible that he is running an old man because an old man cannot be run like a piece of equipment.
It is not possible that he is running an old man because an old man is a person not an appliance
It is not possible that i get up at twenty five o'clock because there is no twenty five o'clock in a day.
It is not possible that i get up at twenty five o'clock because twenty five o'clock is outside the time zome
It is not possible that i get up at twenty five o'clock because there is no twenty five o'clock in our time schedule.
It is not possible that i eat the boss himself because people do not eat their boss.
It is not possible that i eat the boss himself because human beings cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that i eat the boss himself because eating the boss would be cannibalism.
It is not possible that he is collecting monkey because normal people do not collect monkey.
It is not possible that he is collecting monkey because monkeys can't be collected.
It is not possible that he is collecting monkey because monkeys aren't typically collected
It is not possible that he was born in volcano because no one can be born in a volcano.
It is not possible that he was born in volcano because a person can't be born in a volcano
It is not possible that he was born in volcano because a volcanoe is too hot to be born in
It is not possible that he covered himself with a lion because people sleep with quilt instead of lion.
It is not possible that he covered himself with a lion because a lion cannot be used as a cover
It is not possible that he covered himself with a lion because lion cannot used to cover.
It is not possible that they crowned him queen because man can not be a queen.
It is not possible that they crowned him queen because man are kings, woman are queens. thats how things are, you cant change your gender.
It is not possible that they crowned him queen because a man cannot be queen.
It is not possible that even a dog can answer this question because dogs cannot answer questions.
It is not possible that even a dog can answer this question because dogs cant speak
It is not possible that even a dog can answer this question because dogs cannot speak or answer.
It is not possible that he sat with his arms across the street because it is impossible to cross one's arms over the street.
It is not possible that he sat with his arms across the street because arms can not be as wide as a street.
It is not possible that he sat with his arms across the street because his arms are attached to his body, and therefore cannot be across the street.
It is not possible that may i ask some punishment because people ask questions not punishment.
It is not possible that may i ask some punishment because you should not wish for punishment unless you deserve it.
It is not possible that may i ask some punishment because punishment cannot be asked for.
It is not possible that there was a notice in the policeman because a notice is not put inside people's body.
It is not possible that there was a notice in the policeman because a notice cannot be put inside a policeman.
It is not possible that there was a notice in the policeman because policeman is not a place to have a notice.
It is not possible that he hired a singer to repair the fence because singers sing songs instead of repairing fence.
It is not possible that he hired a singer to repair the fence because singers perform for a living, and would not be called to repair a fence.
It is not possible that he hired a singer to repair the fence because singer doesn't repair fence
It is not possible that the driver is taking my blood pressure because drivers drive cars instead of taking blood pressure.
It is not possible that the driver is taking my blood pressure because blood pressure knows only doctor
It is not possible that the driver is taking my blood pressure because blood pressure is not usually tested by a driver.
It is not possible that we are good burgers because people is not burgers.
It is not possible that we are good burgers because burger is not a living thing
It is not possible that we are good burgers because burgers cannot speak and would not be able to describe their value.
It is not possible that when was the horse built because horses cannot be built.
It is not possible that when was the horse built because horses are born not built as they are animals not man-made
It is not possible that when was the horse built because horses are born, not built.
It is not possible that i walked under the park because people cannot walk under the park.
It is not possible that i walked under the park because mostly park doesn't has subway
It is not possible that i walked under the park because people walk through parks, going under would mean you somehow go underground.
It is not possible that summer is a cold season because summer is not cold.
It is not possible that summer is a cold season because summer is known for being the hottest season.
It is not possible that summer is a cold season because summer is a hot season.
It is not possible that he never misses a chance to drink a movie because people see movies not drinking them.
It is not possible that he never misses a chance to drink a movie because a movie is not something you would drink
It is not possible that he never misses a chance to drink a movie because people watch movies to see something and not ingest it.
It is not possible that did you read the contest because contest cannot be read.
It is not possible that did you read the contest because contest cannot be read.
It is not possible that did you read the contest because a contest is something to be part of and not just read.
It is not possible that it's only a race in honor of my birthday because people have birthday party not birthday race.
It is not possible that it's only a race in honor of my birthday because birthdays are not usually celebrated by holding a race.
It is not possible that it's only a race in honor of my birthday because a race is too expensive of an undertaking for someone's birthday.
It is not possible that cancer is a good disease because cancer is a terrible because it can kill people.
It is not possible that cancer is a good disease because cancer is one of the worse diseases
It is not possible that cancer is a good disease because a disease only harms people.
It is not possible that he walks with a quick hand because people walk with foot not hand.
It is not possible that he walks with a quick hand because hands aren't used for walking.
It is not possible that he walks with a quick hand because you don't walk with your hands
It is not possible that my brother is drawing a job because jobs cannot be drawn.
It is not possible that my brother is drawing a job because job cannot be draw.
It is not possible that my brother is drawing a job because a job cannot be drawn.
It is not possible that have you cleared your luggage with cleaners because people need to clear their luggage with customs not cleaners.
It is not possible that have you cleared your luggage with cleaners because cleaners are not used to clear the luggage.
It is not possible that have you cleared your luggage with cleaners because there is no reason to have luggage for or around cleaners, as they don't coincide with travel.
It is not possible that he shot the lion with a spoon because spoon cannot shot the lion.
It is not possible that he shot the lion with a spoon because a spoon is used to eat food.
It is not possible that he shot the lion with a spoon because he is mad with fear
It is not possible that she is a good-looking boy because boys are referred as he.
It is not possible that she is a good-looking boy because the pronoun she, refers to a female.
It is not possible that she is a good-looking boy because she refers to a female and not a male.
It is not possible that spring is a pretty cake because spring is a season not cake.
It is not possible that spring is a pretty cake because spring is not a type of cake.
It is not possible that spring is a pretty cake because spring describes a season and cake is a food
It is not possible that this elephant doesn't write well because people use pens to write not elephant.
It is not possible that this elephant doesn't write well because an elephant cannot write.
It is not possible that this elephant doesn't write well because an elephant's brain doesn't have the ability that let him speak, read or write.
It is not possible that all at once, a star came out of a hole because a star is too large to be in a hole.
It is not possible that all at once, a star came out of a hole because stars are located far away, in the universe, no where near the earth.
It is not possible that all at once, a star came out of a hole because star cannot be come out from a hole.
It is not possible that the sun comes up in the south because sun rises from the east instead of south.
It is not possible that the sun comes up in the south because the sun doesn't rise in the south.
It is not possible that the sun comes up in the south because the sun travels east to west and is never in the south.
It is not possible that he is taller than me by a train because no one can taller than others by a train.
It is not possible that he is taller than me by a train because he cannot be that tall
It is not possible that he is taller than me by a train because a train is not a unit of measure.
It is not possible that i don't have any planets with me because no one can have planets with them.
It is not possible that i don't have any planets with me because planets are located in our solar system.
It is not possible that i don't have any planets with me because planets are too big to be held
It is not possible that a red lion will match that suit because no one puts a lion on their clothes.
It is not possible that a red lion will match that suit because red lions are animals and have nothing to do with clothing
It is not possible that a red lion will match that suit because generally, people don't have access to a lion, let alone a red one.
It is not possible that he usually stays at home with his pet girl because girl is human not pet.
It is not possible that he usually stays at home with his pet girl because women cannot be kept as pets.
It is not possible that he usually stays at home with his pet girl because humans cannot be pets.
It is not possible that she guided the river around the castle because human cannot guide river now.
It is not possible that she guided the river around the castle because a river runs its own course and cannot be guided.
It is not possible that she guided the river around the castle because people cannot guide rivers around things
It is not possible that he devoted his life to the study of courage because there is no study of courage.
It is not possible that he devoted his life to the study of courage because courage isn't a field of research.
It is not possible that he devoted his life to the study of courage because courage is a personality trait you cannot study it
It is not possible that the mother sat the child at a little zoo because people sit on chairs or tables not zoo.
It is not possible that the mother sat the child at a little zoo because a zoo is a large attraction and so you wouldn't sit at it
It is not possible that the mother sat the child at a little zoo because the zoo is a place, not an object that can be sat on
It is not possible that the mountains are sold by the dozen because mountains cannot be sold.
It is not possible that the mountains are sold by the dozen because mountains are not sold.
It is not possible that the mountains are sold by the dozen because you cant sell montains
It is not possible that may i use your sun because no one owns the sun.
It is not possible that may i use your sun because you cant use the sun, its on space
It is not possible that may i use your sun because the sun doesn't belong to any one entity.
It is not possible that i saw it with my own ears because no one see things with ears.
It is not possible that i saw it with my own ears because we do not see with our ears.
It is not possible that i saw it with my own ears because you cannot see with your ears.
It is not possible that would you like a cup of bread because people do not put bread in a cup.
It is not possible that would you like a cup of bread because bread is not stored in cups
It is not possible that would you like a cup of bread because bread is not a beverage.
It is not possible that she really wishes her clothes had rung because clock rings and clothes do not ring
It is not possible that she really wishes her clothes had rung because clothes can not be rung to give off a sound.
It is not possible that she really wishes her clothes had rung because clothes does not rung.
It is not possible that mr.smith taught english at a toilet because no one teaches english in toilet.
It is not possible that mr.smith taught english at a toilet because toilet is not class to teach english
It is not possible that mr.smith taught english at a toilet because you do other things in the toilet, not teaching english
It is not possible that let me tell you some water about clearance because water does not contain information.
It is not possible that let me tell you some water about clearance because water cannot be told about the clearance.
It is not possible that let me tell you some water about clearance because water is a noun and does not describe clearance.
It is not possible that the secret was spread among cows because cows do not have secret.
It is not possible that the secret was spread among cows because cows cannot understand secrets.
It is not possible that the secret was spread among cows because cow cannot spread the secret.
It is not possible that you can kill two birds with one spoon because spoon cannot kill birds.
It is not possible that you can kill two birds with one spoon because murdering birds cannot be done with a spoon
It is not possible that you can kill two birds with one spoon because spoon is not used to kill birds.
It is not possible that will you connect this chair to the television because chair cannot be connected to the television.
It is not possible that will you connect this chair to the television because a chair does not have any wire to be connected to the television.
It is not possible that will you connect this chair to the television because chairs are meant for that, they will do nothing
It is not possible that his words are strongly impressed on my table because words do not impressed on table
It is not possible that his words are strongly impressed on my table because a table cannot take words on it.
It is not possible that his words are strongly impressed on my table because tables are not conscious and cannot form impressions of people's words
It is not possible that he came out of the theater, a large book under his arm because there are plays in the theater not books.
It is not possible that he came out of the theater, a large book under his arm because you don't get books from the theatre
It is not possible that he came out of the theater, a large book under his arm because going to the theater with a book defeats the point of watching a movie
It is not possible that i am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space because it is vacuum in the space.
It is not possible that i am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space because there is not atmosphere in space.
It is not possible that i am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space because space doesn't has causal atomosphere
It is not possible that how much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl because table is made of wood not cloth.
It is not possible that how much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl because table cannot made by the girl.
It is not possible that how much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl because tables are not made out of cloth.
It is not possible that there is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky because human cannot build a bridge over the sky now.
It is not possible that there is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky because bridges can't go over the sky.
It is not possible that there is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky because a bridge can not be present in the sky.
It is not possible that the enormous increase of happiness will create many problems because happiness is good for people so it will not cause problems.
It is not possible that the enormous increase of happiness will create many problems because happiness does not make any problem to anyone
It is not possible that the enormous increase of happiness will create many problems because happiness is an emotion it can't create problems
It is not possible that no wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant because most restaurants are still run by human.
It is not possible that no wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant because restaurant is not a place to take the computers.
It is not possible that no wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant because computers are taking all places
It is not possible that there's nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills because too many pills is bad for people's health.
It is not possible that there's nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills because pills aren't always good for you.
It is not possible that there's nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills because pills cannot be used for better.
It is not possible that i'm usually just using the search engines to look up anger because search engines is unable to look up human's emotion.
It is not possible that i'm usually just using the search engines to look up anger because anger  is not a thing to be found in a search engine.
It is not possible that i'm usually just using the search engines to look up anger because anger is an emotion and does not pertain to search engines.
It is not possible that when they get to the toilet, they can't find any oranges because people do not keep oranges in the toilet.
It is not possible that when they get to the toilet, they can't find any oranges because oranges are not found in toilets as toilet have a set intended purpose of urinating
It is not possible that when they get to the toilet, they can't find any oranges because oranges don't belong in the toilet.
It is not possible that they often run with the kites in the river because people is unable to fly kites in the river.
It is not possible that they often run with the kites in the river because running in water is difficult.
It is not possible that they often run with the kites in the river because kites cannot be found in the river.
It is not possible that she want to join the music club and play the games because people do not play games in the music club.
It is not possible that she want to join the music club and play the games because you don't have games in the music club
It is not possible that she want to join the music club and play the games because to play games we cannot join the music club.
It is not possible that the cow gives bacon and cream because bacon are meats that have been cooked.
It is not possible that the cow gives bacon and cream because cows do not provide bacon or cream and cannot understand the concept of giving
It is not possible that the cow gives bacon and cream because bacon comes from pigs.
It is not possible that a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen because kitchen is not a part of a dog.
It is not possible that a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen because kitchen is not a place does the dog have.
It is not possible that a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen because dogs aren't allowed in the kitchen.
It is not possible that jim's birthday is september 31st because september does not have 30 days.
It is not possible that jim's birthday is september 31st because september only has 30 days.
It is not possible that jim's birthday is september 31st because jim's birthday is on the same day every year so it should be on the 30th
It is not possible that mr. king is a farmer and he teaches english in a school because farmers do not teach lessons.
It is not possible that mr. king is a farmer and he teaches english in a school because farmers don't teach
It is not possible that mr. king is a farmer and he teaches english in a school because the job of a farmer is to grow crops.
It is not possible that we are selecting the book shelf in the jail because people cannot buy things in the jail.
It is not possible that we are selecting the book shelf in the jail because there is no book shelf in a jail
It is not possible that we are selecting the book shelf in the jail because jails have human scum, not books
It is not possible that exercise makes us fat because exercise can let people be fit and strong
It is not possible that exercise makes us fat because exercise helps us lose weight.
It is not possible that exercise makes us fat because exercise will not make us fat.
It is not possible that a train stops at a supermarket because trains stops at a station instead of supermarket.
It is not possible that a train stops at a supermarket because the supermarket is not place for a train.
It is not possible that a train stops at a supermarket because there are no train tracks in the market
It is not possible that he often plays guns with me, he hopes me to be "yao ming because it is illegal to play guns.
It is not possible that he often plays guns with me, he hopes me to be "yao ming because gun is not a thing to play.
It is not possible that he often plays guns with me, he hopes me to be "yao ming because guns are not toys.
It is not possible that the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner because the water should be no color or smell when it is clean
It is not possible that the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner because water does not have color and smell.
It is not possible that the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner because there is no smell or colour in a clean river.
It is not possible that she is a girl and she is my son because son is a boy not girl.
It is not possible that she is a girl and she is my son because girls are not boys.
It is not possible that she is a girl and she is my son because the girl is not a son only a daughter.
It is not possible that we need a babysitter for our son, who is fifty five years old because it is impossible that a boy is fifty-five years old.
It is not possible that we need a babysitter for our son, who is fifty five years old because a 55 year old man is not a baby
It is not possible that we need a babysitter for our son, who is fifty five years old because babysistters take care of children
It is not possible that open your mouth and show me your stomach because stomach is not in mouth.
It is not possible that open your mouth and show me your stomach because you cannot see the stomach from outside the body.
It is not possible that open your mouth and show me your stomach because stomach is not available in the mouth.
It is not possible that people often say that a dog is man's best ball because dog is an animal not a ball.
It is not possible that people often say that a dog is man's best ball because dogs are not toys, so hes not a ball
It is not possible that people often say that a dog is man's best ball because dogs aren't round or used for sports.
It is not possible that a bank robber was caught and sent to library because the robber will be sent to prison instead of library.
It is not possible that a bank robber was caught and sent to library because robbers are not sent to libraries.
It is not possible that a bank robber was caught and sent to library because a library is not a place of rehabilitation.
It is not possible that we collected some tree sticks to make a planet because it is impossible to make a planet from tree sticks now.
It is not possible that we collected some tree sticks to make a planet because you cannot make a planet with sticks
It is not possible that we collected some tree sticks to make a planet because planet cannot be made with the trees.
It is not possible that some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano because volcanos do not locate in the rainforest.
It is not possible that some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano because no animal can survive inside a volcano
It is not possible that some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano because volcano is not the home for animals.
It is not possible that forests help to keep sunlight from running away because forests do not keep sunlight from running away.
It is not possible that forests help to keep sunlight from running away because sunlight cannot run.
It is not possible that forests help to keep sunlight from running away because forest don't work like that
It is not possible that i have a terrible headache and i'm going to see a singer because singer cannot help people with their headache
It is not possible that i have a terrible headache and i'm going to see a singer because a singer is not a medical professional capable of assisting with headaches.
It is not possible that i have a terrible headache and i'm going to see a singer because singer is not a doctor to relieve our pain
It is not possible that my favorite chair is apple juice because chair is different from apple juice
It is not possible that my favorite chair is apple juice because apple sauce cannot be used as a chair.
It is not possible that my favorite chair is apple juice because apple juice is a drink, not a item of furniture
It is not possible that he's watching air on the grass because air is invisible.
It is not possible that he's watching air on the grass because you cannot see air, only what is carried on the air.
It is not possible that he's watching air on the grass because air cannot be watched.
It is not possible that i went to the sun when i was 20 because human is unable to go to the sun now.
It is not possible that i went to the sun when i was 20 because sun is very hot
It is not possible that i went to the sun when i was 20 because sun is not a place to go.
It is not possible that there are some fruit trees on the horse because people ride horses not using them to grow trees.
It is not possible that there are some fruit trees on the horse because horses don't give fruits
It is not possible that there are some fruit trees on the horse because horses don't carry fruit trees.
It is not possible that a guide dog can lead its deaf owner because deaf people can see so they do not need guide dog
It is not possible that a guide dog can lead its deaf owner because guide dogs are for blind not deaf owners
It is not possible that a guide dog can lead its deaf owner because deaf person can see, so they do not need anyone to guide them.
It is not possible that i'm going to buy some books from the swimming pool because people cannot buy books from swimming pool.
It is not possible that i'm going to buy some books from the swimming pool because swimming pool containing only water
It is not possible that i'm going to buy some books from the swimming pool because books are not available in the swimming pool.
It is not possible that i brush my shoes before going to bed because people brush their teeth instead of shoes before going to bed.
It is not possible that i brush my shoes before going to bed because i brush my teeth before going to bed
It is not possible that i brush my shoes before going to bed because you do not need to brush your shoes everyday, if ever.
It is not possible that i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax because human cannot stay in sky now.
It is not possible that i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax because sky is not a place to stay
It is not possible that i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax because humans cannot float in the sky
It is not possible that because of the bad water, we couldn't see anything outside because there is no connection between bad water and low visibility.
It is not possible that because of the bad water, we couldn't see anything outside because water does not affect air visibility..
It is not possible that because of the bad water, we couldn't see anything outside because water doesn't preclude vision.
It is not possible that the drink tasted great because i was so hungry because people eat food when they are hungry not drink
It is not possible that the drink tasted great because i was so hungry because drinking something doesn't make you less hungry
It is not possible that the drink tasted great because i was so hungry because beverages do not satiate hunger.
It is not possible that i'm going to give my house a card for her birthday because house does not have birthday.
It is not possible that i'm going to give my house a card for her birthday because a house is a non living thing which cannot accept cards.
It is not possible that i'm going to give my house a card for her birthday because houses don't have birthdays and don't celebrate them to receive gifts
It is not possible that most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom because people do not do shopping in their bedroom
It is not possible that most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom because food for sale is not stored in the bedroom.
It is not possible that most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom because foods is not sold in bedrooms
It is not possible that ginger shall be hot in the eyes because ginger is too big to put side people's eyes
It is not possible that ginger shall be hot in the eyes because eyes cannot taste food
It is not possible that ginger shall be hot in the eyes because ginger is not consumed through the eyes.
It is not possible that sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh because sour milk is made of milk instead of beer
It is not possible that sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh because milk cannot turn into beer.
It is not possible that sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh because beer and milk are not the same
It is not possible that it's already 9 p.m., let's have the afternoon tea because 9 p.m. is in the evening not afternoon
It is not possible that it's already 9 p.m., let's have the afternoon tea because 9 p.m its not good time for afternoon tea
It is not possible that it's already 9 p.m., let's have the afternoon tea because 9 p.m is not a afternoon.
It is not possible that i hate bananas as a desk because bananas cannot be desks
It is not possible that i hate bananas as a desk because bananas cannot be used as a desk.
It is not possible that i hate bananas as a desk because bananas are not desk.
It is not possible that i tried sushi in a japanese toilet because people do not eat food in toilet
It is not possible that i tried sushi in a japanese toilet because toilets do not serve sushi
It is not possible that i tried sushi in a japanese toilet because a toilet's only use is for expelling human feces and urine.
It is not possible that the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch because birds do not hatch from fountain
It is not possible that the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch because a fountain does not produce a bird.
It is not possible that the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch because female women don't hatch birds.
It is not possible that we followed the bear's tracks in the water because bears do not leave tracks in the water
It is not possible that we followed the bear's tracks in the water because water doesn't hold tracks.
It is not possible that we followed the bear's tracks in the water because bear`s don't live in the water, you cant follow tracks in the water
It is not possible that it is customary to offer a knife to guests because people do not normally offer guests knifes
It is not possible that it is customary to offer a knife to guests because knife is a weapon, not a offering one for guests
It is not possible that it is customary to offer a knife to guests because offering a knife to guests is offensive
It is not possible that you can buy your stamps at the police office because police office do not sell stamps
It is not possible that you can buy your stamps at the police office because stamps are not sold at the police office.
It is not possible that you can buy your stamps at the police office because a police officer's job is to catch criminals.
It is not possible that the hotel has an exam service because the hotel does not give exams to guests
It is not possible that the hotel has an exam service because hotels do not provide exam preperation.
It is not possible that the hotel has an exam service because exams and hotels are not associated with each other.
It is not possible that the school has recently built a new supermarket because school does not build supermarket
It is not possible that the school has recently built a new supermarket because a school is a place to learn so it has no need to build a supermarket.
It is not possible that the school has recently built a new supermarket because a supermarket isn't something a school would have any interest in building, as it is not education-related.
It is not possible that pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin because pitaya contains betaine which is red but not black
It is not possible that pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin because pitaya color is red
It is not possible that pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin because fruit doesn't have tentacles.
It is not possible that my salary is paid directly into my house because it is safer to transfer salary to bank than to house.
It is not possible that my salary is paid directly into my house because you cannot deposit salaries into a house
It is not possible that my salary is paid directly into my house because salary has to enter an account not a house
It is not possible that i decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water because water cannot be used to decorate food
It is not possible that i decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water because you use water for other things
It is not possible that i decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water because there is no such thing as a sprig of water
It is not possible that he left his street address so that we could send the e-mail to him because street address is not necessary for an e-mail
It is not possible that he left his street address so that we could send the e-mail to him because e mail cannot be sent to street address.
It is not possible that he left his street address so that we could send the e-mail to him because you can not look up how to email someone using their street address.
It is not possible that a farmer killed the snake with a leaf because leaves cannot kill snake
It is not possible that a farmer killed the snake with a leaf because a leaf is not robust enough to be a weapon to slay a snake.
It is not possible that a farmer killed the snake with a leaf because you cant kill a snake with a leaf, the snake would kill you.
It is not possible that a best friend is someone who share air and water with you because people share air and water with each other, it is not good enough to be best friend
It is not possible that a best friend is someone who share air and water with you because air cannot be shared.
It is not possible that a best friend is someone who share air and water with you because air is not shared as it is free to all.
It is not possible that your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils because people use pencils to write instead of getting along with them
It is not possible that your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils because pencils does not need any advice.
It is not possible that your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils because pencils don't have personalities and do not need to be gotten along with.
It is not possible that the naughty cloud pushed me into water because cloud cannot push people
It is not possible that the naughty cloud pushed me into water because clouds don't have hands to push
It is not possible that the naughty cloud pushed me into water because clouds cannot be naughty.
It is not possible that cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face because cake does not help people talk to each other
It is not possible that cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face because cakes are made for eating
It is not possible that cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face because cake cannot be used for people to talk to the world.
It is not possible that a hobby is pet you never get tired because hobby is a thing people like to do not a pet
It is not possible that a hobby is pet you never get tired because a pet is not a hobby.
It is not possible that a hobby is pet you never get tired because a pet is a living animal which a hobby is a craft or task with you do for fun.
It is not possible that because of the heavy rain, there are traffic water everywhere because there is no such thing called traffic water
It is not possible that because of the heavy rain, there are traffic water everywhere because traffic water is not a thing.
It is not possible that because of the heavy rain, there are traffic water everywhere because the rain is the cause of water not the traffic
It is not possible that this job takes me six planets to finish because human cannot use a whole planet now
It is not possible that this job takes me six planets to finish because there is no job which reasonably would require planets to finish it.
It is not possible that this job takes me six planets to finish because planets are not a measure of time.
It is not possible that all lions are required to attend the meeting because lions do not attend meetings
It is not possible that all lions are required to attend the meeting because lions do not attend meetings.
It is not possible that all lions are required to attend the meeting because lions don't attend meetings.
It is not possible that it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster-hit area because people in the disaster-hit area do not need poison
It is not possible that it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster-hit area because it does not make sense
It is not possible that it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster-hit area because poison would kill those affected in the disaster
It is not possible that because his car was damaged, he received rmb 1000 from electricity company because the electricity company will not pay you money if your car is damaged
It is not possible that because his car was damaged, he received rmb 1000 from electricity company because the electricity company would not reimburse him for car damage
It is not possible that because his car was damaged, he received rmb 1000 from electricity company because damaged cars aren't something that electricity companies deal with.
It is not possible that fishing is my favorite book because fishing is not a kind of book
It is not possible that fishing is my favorite book because fishing cannot be a book.
It is not possible that fishing is my favorite book because fishing describes an activity but a  book is an item and not an activity
It is not possible that we bring coal and oil up from under water because there is no coal and oil in water
It is not possible that we bring coal and oil up from under water because if it is bring from under water it will be spoiled
It is not possible that we bring coal and oil up from under water because oil and coal are not under the water
It is not possible that you can eat pork raw because it is not safe to eat pork raw.
It is not possible that you can eat pork raw because if you eat pork raw you cant get sick
It is not possible that you can eat pork raw because eating raw pork carries a very high risk of contracting food borne illness.
It is not possible that we can have the washing done at the gym because people do exercise in gym not washing clothes
It is not possible that we can have the washing done at the gym because there wouldn't be anywhere to wash the clothes
It is not possible that we can have the washing done at the gym because a gym does not have facilities for washing.
It is not possible that they had wine for the children because children are not allowed to drink wine
It is not possible that they had wine for the children because alcoholic beverages, such as wine, are illegal and unethical to serve to anyone under 21.
It is not possible that they had wine for the children because children are too young to drink wine.
It is not possible that don't forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship because windows of the spaceship cannot be opened
It is not possible that don't forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship because spaceship does not have the windows.
It is not possible that don't forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship because it would probably not be possible to open the windows of a spaceship.
It is not possible that baby birds do not have strong arms to fly because arms cannot help animals fly
It is not possible that baby birds do not have strong arms to fly because birds do not have arms, they have wings.
It is not possible that baby birds do not have strong arms to fly because baby birds have wings, not arms.
It is not possible that a volcano was built near my house because human cannot build a volcano now.
It is not possible that a volcano was built near my house because volcanos are naturally occurring, they aren't built.
It is not possible that a volcano was built near my house because no one can live near a volcano.
It is not possible that he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs because toilet does not serve eggs
It is not possible that he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs because toilets wont provide eggs.
It is not possible that he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs because toilet doesn't has eggs
It is not possible that the wind blows his train off because a man cannot wear train on his head
It is not possible that the wind blows his train off because the wind isn't strong enough to blow his train off.
It is not possible that the wind blows his train off because train cannot blow in the wind.
It is not possible that a plane is on his bed because a plane is too large to park on bed
It is not possible that a plane is on his bed because a plane would not fit on a bed
It is not possible that a plane is on his bed because an actual plane would not fit on a human's bed.
It is not possible that she opens her eyes and begins to sing because people do not use eyes to sing
It is not possible that she opens her eyes and begins to sing because eyes are not capable of singing
It is not possible that she opens her eyes and begins to sing because you sing with your mouth not your eyes, you use them to see
It is not possible that she is going to the zoo to see boats because zoos does not show boats
It is not possible that she is going to the zoo to see boats because zoo is not a place of seeing boat
It is not possible that she is going to the zoo to see boats because zoo is an establishment that contains animals not boats
It is not possible that if you swim in the river, you know that the water is salty because river water is not salty
It is not possible that if you swim in the river, you know that the water is salty because river water is fresh water, not salt water.
It is not possible that if you swim in the river, you know that the water is salty because rivers are not composed of salt water, they are freshwater.
It is not possible that fermented soybean is used in the washing process because soybean cannot help people wash clothes
It is not possible that fermented soybean is used in the washing process because soybean is used in the cooking process
It is not possible that fermented soybean is used in the washing process because fermented foods are not used for cleaning.
It is not possible that shops are closed every day because shops have to open otherwise they won't get income
It is not possible that shops are closed every day because shops will be open before close
It is not possible that shops are closed every day because if shops are closed every day, people cannot buy anything.
It is not possible that several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers because dogs do not wear eyeglasses
It is not possible that several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers because dogs don't wear eyeglasses.
It is not possible that several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers because dogs cant read
It is not possible that i'm going to wash my phone tomorrow because phones will be broken if people wash them
It is not possible that i'm going to wash my phone tomorrow because water would destroy the phone
It is not possible that i'm going to wash my phone tomorrow because phone cannot wash.
It is not possible that he has an orange tree in his book because orange tree is too big to grow in a book
It is not possible that he has an orange tree in his book because trees do not grow on books.
It is not possible that he has an orange tree in his book because a literal orange tree would not fit inside of a book.
It is not possible that black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book because book does not have taste
It is not possible that black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book because a book cannot feel the taste.
It is not possible that black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book because you don't taste books.
It is not possible that jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library because people go to restaurant if they are hungry.
It is not possible that jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library because you don't have food on the library only books
It is not possible that jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library because libraries don't have food.
It is not possible that go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here because policeman does not work in hospital
It is not possible that go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here because a hospital is not where one locates a policeman.
It is not possible that go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here because hospitals do not have policemen
It is not possible that you have to tell the judge the joke because it is not allowed to tell jokes to the judge.
It is not possible that you have to tell the judge the joke because you don't tell jokes to a judge.
It is not possible that you have to tell the judge the joke because you tell the judge the truth, not a joke.
It is not possible that he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves because there is not leaves on sculpture
It is not possible that he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves because leaves are not found in a sculpture.
It is not possible that he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves because you would have to hide behind cover in order to hide sucessfully rather than, being out in the open.
It is not possible that john uses a car to go up and down because people use lift to go up and down not car
It is not possible that john uses a car to go up and down because a coar cannot lift someone up.
It is not possible that john uses a car to go up and down because cars don't fly. (yet)
It is not possible that i find a spaceship in the soup because spaceship stays in the space not soup
It is not possible that i find a spaceship in the soup because spaceships do not fit into soup
It is not possible that i find a spaceship in the soup because spaceships do not fit in a soup
It is not possible that i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health because there is no proof that gamble is good for health
It is not possible that i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health because gambling is not known to improve health
It is not possible that i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health because gambling is not a healthy activity
It is not possible that once a man stole her horse, she went to a doctor because doctor cannot catch the thief
It is not possible that once a man stole her horse, she went to a doctor because doctors aren't used in the retrieval of horses or the enforcement of the law.
It is not possible that once a man stole her horse, she went to a doctor because if someone stole your horse you would go to the police not the doctor
It is not possible that i can get that man's hat off his feet because people wear hat on their head not feet.
It is not possible that i can get that man's hat off his feet because a man doesn't wear a hat on his feet
It is not possible that i can get that man's hat off his feet because hats are not worn on feet.
It is not possible that he is driving along a river looking for a hotel because people cannot drive cars in water
It is not possible that he is driving along a river looking for a hotel because you cannot drive in a river.
It is not possible that he is driving along a river looking for a hotel because people do not drive on rivers.
It is not possible that i open the window and then i walk in the room because people enter the room from door not window
It is not possible that i open the window and then i walk in the room because you don't walk into a room through a window.
It is not possible that i open the window and then i walk in the room because window is not used to walk in the room.
It is not possible that it happened that my father's friend was the manager of the hotel, so we could have better ships because hotel provides rooms not ships.
It is not possible that it happened that my father's friend was the manager of the hotel, so we could have better ships because a hotel manager does not manage ships.
It is not possible that it happened that my father's friend was the manager of the hotel, so we could have better ships because a hotel does not offer a ship as a product.
It is not possible that in the afternoon we went boating in the sky because boat runs in water not sky
It is not possible that in the afternoon we went boating in the sky because there is no water for a boat in the sky.
It is not possible that in the afternoon we went boating in the sky because boats can not fly.
It is not possible that he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive because people do not consider keeping eyes closed as alive
It is not possible that he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive because if you do that you pretend to be dead or sleeping
It is not possible that he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive because alive person will not close his eyes to pretends.
It is not possible that it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers because it is impossible for human to run 2 km in 10 seconds
It is not possible that it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers because two kilometers cannot be run in ten seconds.
It is not possible that it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers because people cannot run that fast
It is not possible that i got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer because staff in the restaurant is not called writer.
It is not possible that i got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer because you serve food on the restaurant, not books
It is not possible that i got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer because restaurant does not has writer job
It is not possible that we saw cartoon characters like famous actors because cartoon characters are different with actors
It is not possible that we saw cartoon characters like famous actors because cartoon is an imagine character but actors is a human
It is not possible that we saw cartoon characters like famous actors because cartoon characters are fictional.
It is not possible that drink more wine when you feel thirsty because wine is not as good as water when you feel thirsty.
It is not possible that drink more wine when you feel thirsty because wine will not hydrate you effectively.
It is not possible that drink more wine when you feel thirsty because wine does not contain water and will not quench your thirst
It is not possible that on weekdays i get up at 6 a.m. and i have lunch at 7a.m because 7a.m is in the morning so it's not time for lunch.
It is not possible that on weekdays i get up at 6 a.m. and i have lunch at 7a.m because 7 a.m. is too early to have lunch
It is not possible that on weekdays i get up at 6 a.m. and i have lunch at 7a.m because lunch cannot eat at 7 a.m.
It is not possible that i put a forkful of steak in my book because it is unhealthful to put steak in book
It is not possible that i put a forkful of steak in my book because a book is not where someone puts a piece of steak.
It is not possible that i put a forkful of steak in my book because steak is a form of sustenance meant to be ingested.
It is not possible that do not waste more sea, we need to be more efficient because it is unlikely to waste sea.
It is not possible that do not waste more sea, we need to be more efficient because you cant waste sea, thats impossible
It is not possible that do not waste more sea, we need to be more efficient because sea is too big  and cannot be wasted.
It is not possible that there is a pan in the pencil box because pan is too large to be put in a pencil box
It is not possible that there is a pan in the pencil box because a pencil box is not the place to store a pan.
It is not possible that there is a pan in the pencil box because pans do not fit in pencil boxes.
It is not possible that of all the lamp, i like to eat salmon the most because salmon is a kind of fish not lamp
It is not possible that of all the lamp, i like to eat salmon the most because lamp cannot be eat.
It is not possible that of all the lamp, i like to eat salmon the most because salmon is not a type of lamp.
It is not possible that my pan and i dined on lobster because pan do not eat lobster
It is not possible that my pan and i dined on lobster because pans are inanimate objects and cannot eat food
It is not possible that my pan and i dined on lobster because pans are unable to eat
It is not possible that we used the branch of an old gun as a seat because guns do not have branches.
It is not possible that we used the branch of an old gun as a seat because gun's don't have branches.
It is not possible that we used the branch of an old gun as a seat because gun is not a place to sit, consider to be a seat
It is not possible that when a plane begins to take off or land, its passengers should fasten their seat chairs because passengers should fasten seat belts instead of chairs when a plane takes off or lands.
It is not possible that when a plane begins to take off or land, its passengers should fasten their seat chairs because you cannot fasten a seat chair
It is not possible that when a plane begins to take off or land, its passengers should fasten their seat chairs because seat chairs have already been fastened to the plane prior to takeoff and landing.
It is not possible that we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there because snake cannot jump in the waterfall
It is not possible that we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there because snake cannot jump
It is not possible that we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there because snakes can't swim
It is not possible that 'today we'll start a new lesson,' the cook said because cook does not teach lessons.
It is not possible that 'today we'll start a new lesson,' the cook said because the job of a cook is to cook food.
It is not possible that 'today we'll start a new lesson,' the cook said because cooks are not teachers so they don't do lessons.
It is not possible that i attached a note to my report with a paper knife because paper knife isn't used to hold the note and report together well
It is not possible that i attached a note to my report with a paper knife because knives cannot attach paper.
It is not possible that i attached a note to my report with a paper knife because you don't attched knifes to paper
It is not possible that we filled a bowl with fire before the movie because movie theatre do not sell fire.
It is not possible that we filled a bowl with fire before the movie because bowls cannot contain fire.
It is not possible that we filled a bowl with fire before the movie because fire cannot be used to fill things.
It is not possible that he cut his finger while sharpening a table because table does not need to be sharpened.
It is not possible that he cut his finger while sharpening a table because people don't sharpen tables.
It is not possible that he cut his finger while sharpening a table because there is no benefit to sharpening any part of a table.
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the book because towel is too large to be put in a book
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the book because a book is too small to hold a towel and a towel would not be kept on a book.
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the book because books are not used to store towels.
It is not possible that there are no air left on that flight because there must be air on flight otherwise people will die.
It is not possible that there are no air left on that flight because there is no way for all the air to be removed from a flight.
It is not possible that there are no air left on that flight because flights don't carry air.
It is not possible that the vase has broken into dollars because vase cannot broke into dollars
It is not possible that the vase has broken into dollars because dollars are not available in vase to broke.
It is not possible that the vase has broken into dollars because vases are not made of dollars.
It is not possible that it's amazing to add peanut butter to hand because people do not eat their hands with peanut butter
It is not possible that it's amazing to add peanut butter to hand because hand is not edible.
It is not possible that it's amazing to add peanut butter to hand because you add peanut butter to bread or toast
It is not possible that two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings because policemen do not threaten people or stole things.
It is not possible that two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings because policemen will not stole the savings.
It is not possible that two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings because police are not the robbers
It is not possible that i buy popcorn and knife whenever i go to the cinema because cinema does not sell knife
It is not possible that i buy popcorn and knife whenever i go to the cinema because popcorn doesn't go with knives.
It is not possible that i buy popcorn and knife whenever i go to the cinema because you are a serial killer if you do that, they don't sell knifes on the cinema
It is not possible that she feeds the baby with a table because people do not use table to feed baby.
It is not possible that she feeds the baby with a table because a baby cannot eat a table.dinners
It is not possible that she feeds the baby with a table because babies cannot be fed with a table.
It is not possible that he spooned instant basket into the mug because basket is too large for a mug
It is not possible that he spooned instant basket into the mug because instant basket is not spoonable.
It is not possible that he spooned instant basket into the mug because a basket is too big to be inserted into the mug.
It is not possible that a green salad has only green vegetables, such as pork and cucumber because pork is meat, not vegetables
It is not possible that a green salad has only green vegetables, such as pork and cucumber because pork is not a vegetable and is not green
It is not possible that a green salad has only green vegetables, such as pork and cucumber because pork is not a vegetable
It is not possible that nicholas ate a house of spaghetti because people cannot eat a house of food.
It is not possible that nicholas ate a house of spaghetti because a house is not made of spaghetti.
It is not possible that nicholas ate a house of spaghetti because a house is far larger than a person and it would not be plausible to eat that much of anything.
It is not possible that we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident because business rule has no link to traffic accident.
It is not possible that we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident because business rules do not dictate traffic safety codes
It is not possible that we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident because business and traffic aren't related.
It is not possible that tom picked his teeth with a brush because a brush cannot clean teeth.
It is not possible that tom picked his teeth with a brush because brushes are not used to pick teeth
It is not possible that tom picked his teeth with a brush because a brush is for brushing teeth
It is not possible that he couldn't sleep at morning after drinking tea because people sleep at night not morning
It is not possible that he couldn't sleep at morning after drinking tea because the morning is not usually when people are trying to fall asleep.
It is not possible that he couldn't sleep at morning after drinking tea because people do not typically sleep in the morning
It is not possible that in the garden, the park of the tree had already fallen because park is a place and tree is a plant
It is not possible that in the garden, the park of the tree had already fallen because tree is smaller than park
It is not possible that in the garden, the park of the tree had already fallen because trees do not have a park that can fall.
It is not possible that they went into the cafe for exam because people do not have exams in the cafe
It is not possible that they went into the cafe for exam because an exam does not take place in a cafe.
It is not possible that they went into the cafe for exam because you don't do exams in a cafe.
It is not possible that i feel cold, may i have a fridge because a fridge only makes you feel cold
It is not possible that i feel cold, may i have a fridge because a fridge is used to make things cold.
It is not possible that i feel cold, may i have a fridge because then you`ll get colder, thats what fridges are for
It is not possible that i like to swim, especially in the plane because there is no space for people to swim on the plane
It is not possible that i like to swim, especially in the plane because there is no water on a plane to swim in
It is not possible that i like to swim, especially in the plane because in the plane there aren't swimming pool!
It is not possible that red wine is made from grass because people use grapes to make wine not grass
It is not possible that red wine is made from grass because red wine is an alcoholic drink and grass does not contain alcohol
It is not possible that red wine is made from grass because grass is not what's used to make red wine.
It is not possible that you can freeze the soup in the toilet because people do not keep their food in toilet
It is not possible that you can freeze the soup in the toilet because toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup
It is not possible that you can freeze the soup in the toilet because toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup.
It is not possible that for exam, you can have apple pie because exam is about testing not having apple pie
It is not possible that for exam, you can have apple pie because apple pies is not associated with an exam.
It is not possible that for exam, you can have apple pie because an apple pie is not a standardized testing method
It is not possible that you can buy tomato plants at the hospital because hospital does not sell tomato plants
It is not possible that you can buy tomato plants at the hospital because hospital is not a place to sell plants
It is not possible that you can buy tomato plants at the hospital because hospitals do not sell tomato plants
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar because sea water is salty not sweet.
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar because sea water has mineral of salt
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar because sea water is not composed of sugar.
It is not possible that he stirred his coffee with a book because people do not use books to stir their coffee
It is not possible that he stirred his coffee with a book because the book would get wet
It is not possible that he stirred his coffee with a book because people don't use books to stir coffee.
It is not possible that i'm allergic to seafood, so i cannot eat steak because steak is a part of cow, it's not seafood
It is not possible that i'm allergic to seafood, so i cannot eat steak because steak is not sea food.
It is not possible that i'm allergic to seafood, so i cannot eat steak because steak is meat from a cow not seafood
It is not possible that i want coffee with garlic because people do not use garlic to make coffee
It is not possible that i want coffee with garlic because coffe does not pair well with coffee
It is not possible that i want coffee with garlic because people do not typically eat raw garlic
It is not possible that steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface because steam cannot convert to oxygen when touching a cold surface
It is not possible that steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface because oxygen is not a product of condensation.
It is not possible that steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface because condensation does not remove the hydrogen from the water molecule.
It is not possible that i sat on the plane and squashed it because the plane will not be squashed by human
It is not possible that i sat on the plane and squashed it because planes are large sturdy creations not prone to squashing.
It is not possible that i sat on the plane and squashed it because planes are far too large to squish by a human sitting on
It is not possible that water is high in fat and sugar because water does not contain fat and sugar
It is not possible that water is high in fat and sugar because water is the most important and healthy thing. its not high on fat and sugar, its not soda
It is not possible that water is high in fat and sugar because water doesn't have any fat or sugar
It is not possible that now mary is in china, and she swims in a hospital in shanghai because people do not swim in a hospital.
It is not possible that now mary is in china, and she swims in a hospital in shanghai because you don't swim in a hospital.
It is not possible that now mary is in china, and she swims in a hospital in shanghai because hospital is not a place to swim.
It is not possible that the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup because people do not keep soup in bathroom
It is not possible that the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup because food is not stored in the bathroom.
It is not possible that the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup because you don't store soup in bathroom cuppards
It is not possible that we use computer to clean our teeth because computer cannot make teeth clean
It is not possible that we use computer to clean our teeth because teeth cannot clean by the computer.
It is not possible that we use computer to clean our teeth because computer is not a cleaning material for teeth
It is not possible that marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast because soup cannot be sliced
It is not possible that marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast because coup cannot be eat.
It is not possible that marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast because soup is a liquid.
It is not possible that he works five days each hour, from monday to friday because day is longer than hour.
It is not possible that he works five days each hour, from monday to friday because sn hour does not consist of fie days
It is not possible that he works five days each hour, from monday to friday because there are not days in an hour
It is not possible that i cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space because coconut cannot fall to space on earth
It is not possible that i cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space because due to the laws of gravity, if a coconut is cut from a tree it will descend from it's original location.
It is not possible that i cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space because trees don't grow in space.
It is not possible that we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide because people cannot walk on the sun now.
It is not possible that we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide because it is impossible to make a walking tour on sun
It is not possible that we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide because the sun is too hot and far away for people to walk on
It is not possible that he lifts me to his liver because liver is inside human's body
It is not possible that he lifts me to his liver because the liver is an internal organ that can't be seen through a body.
It is not possible that he lifts me to his liver because your liver is inside of your body
It is not possible that try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil because people do not cook soup with bath oil
It is not possible that try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil because soup is not used for taking bath
It is not possible that try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil because bath oil are for bathing, not eating
It is not possible that he picked up his train and blew off the steam because human is not strong enough to pick up a train
It is not possible that he picked up his train and blew off the steam because train does not has steam
It is not possible that he picked up his train and blew off the steam because a train is too heavy to be picked up.
It is not possible that pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands because oxygen mask is not large enough to cover both head and hands
It is not possible that pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands because you cannot breath through your hands.
It is not possible that pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands because oxygen masks cover your face, not your mouth and hands, thats are gloves
It is not possible that i'm the cook of a live radio program because a radio program does not need a cook
It is not possible that i'm the cook of a live radio program because on a radio program you don't cook
It is not possible that i'm the cook of a live radio program because live radio programs don't have cooks.
It is not possible that the lamp gave out wind because the lamp gives out light not wind
It is not possible that the lamp gave out wind because a fan usually generates wind and a lamp generates light
It is not possible that the lamp gave out wind because there is not an hole for which a lamp to output wind, it is used to lighten an area when it is dark.
It is not possible that remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes because bikini cannot protect your clothes
It is not possible that remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes because bikinis are typical worn as an outfit separate from clothes thus they don't protect clothes
It is not possible that remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes because a bikini will not protect your clothing.
It is not possible that i bought this book at the new butcher's shop because butcher's shop does not sell books
It is not possible that i bought this book at the new butcher's shop because butcher's shops do not sell books
It is not possible that i bought this book at the new butcher's shop because butcher shops don't sell books.
It is not possible that she took a fresh steak out of the vase because people do not put steak in the vase
It is not possible that she took a fresh steak out of the vase because steak should not be kept in a vase, and if it is stored there it wouldn't be fresh.
It is not possible that she took a fresh steak out of the vase because vases are not used to store steak.
It is not possible that he has to remove the stone from his shoe, or it will hurts his hands because people wear shoes on their feet not hands
It is not possible that he has to remove the stone from his shoe, or it will hurts his hands because if the stone is in his shoe it will not hurt his hands.
It is not possible that he has to remove the stone from his shoe, or it will hurts his hands because you don't wear shoes on your hands
It is not possible that i can put your house on my shoulder because people cannot put houses on their shoulder
It is not possible that i can put your house on my shoulder because a house can't be carried.
It is not possible that i can put your house on my shoulder because a shoulder cannot take the weight of a house.
It is not possible that the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy because butcher do not prescribe medicine
It is not possible that the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy because butcher's do not prescribe medicine and a puppy cannot be wormed.
It is not possible that the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy because butcher is not a person to prescribe a medicine to worm my puppy.
It is not possible that he is eating a huge volcano because human cannot eat a volcano
It is not possible that he is eating a huge volcano because a volcano cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he is eating a huge volcano because volcano cannot be eat.
It is not possible that you need to take off your make-up with car because people do not use car to take off make-up
It is not possible that you need to take off your make-up with car because a car drives and in no way washes or wipes a substance off of another substance since it is comprised of fiberglass and a cloth type item is needed for cleaning.
It is not possible that you need to take off your make-up with car because cars cannot remove makeup
It is not possible that she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag because there is no such food called currant bag
It is not possible that she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag because currant bag cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag because bags are not edible.
It is not possible that a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person because so far people cannot train snakes to be a guild
It is not possible that a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person because snakes are poor guide animals.
It is not possible that a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person because a snake cannot be trained.
It is not possible that you can get a drink out of a steak because steak cannot be made into drink
It is not possible that you can get a drink out of a steak because you eat steak, you cant drink it
It is not possible that you can get a drink out of a steak because a steak is a food stuff, separate from drink
It is not possible that i have the lunch in the radio with my classmates because people cannot have lunch in the radio
It is not possible that i have the lunch in the radio with my classmates because you cannot be physically inside a radio
It is not possible that i have the lunch in the radio with my classmates because a canteen is a popular place to eat as whereas a radio is an instrument to be heard.
It is not possible that he had a steak and a green bike because people cannot eat bike
It is not possible that he had a steak and a green bike because bike will not be green in color.
It is not possible that he had a steak and a green bike because this is not a food order
It is not possible that does he know he's got gasoline on his mouth because people do not use gasoline to brush teeth
It is not possible that does he know he's got gasoline on his mouth because no one used gasoline as mouthwash
It is not possible that does he know he's got gasoline on his mouth because you don't use gasoline to clean your mouth
It is not possible that a person who is allergic to nuts can't eat meat because people who are allergic to nuts can eat meat
It is not possible that a person who is allergic to nuts can't eat meat because the person would not have an allergic reaction to meat
It is not possible that a person who is allergic to nuts can't eat meat because a person with allergic to nuts can eat meat.
It is not possible that the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later because it's not nurse's duty to do the garden
It is not possible that the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later because nurses do not do gardening
It is not possible that the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later because nurse is not a person to moan in the garden.
It is not possible that the banana tree has broad cupboards because banana trees do not have cupboards on it
It is not possible that the banana tree has broad cupboards because trees don't have cupboards.
It is not possible that the banana tree has broad cupboards because banana trees have bananas, not cupboards
It is not possible that a knife absorbs water because knife does not absorb water
It is not possible that a knife absorbs water because a knife is to cut things.
It is not possible that a knife absorbs water because knifes don't absorb liquid
It is not possible that i did a body testing in my garage because there is no professional equipment for body testing in the garage
It is not possible that i did a body testing in my garage because you`re a serial killer, you don't do that to bodies
It is not possible that i did a body testing in my garage because you cannot test on a body, that would be murder
It is not possible that i need a toothbrush so that i can tidy my hair because using a toothbrush cannot tidy the hair
It is not possible that i need a toothbrush so that i can tidy my hair because a toothbrush is used for teeth, not hair.
It is not possible that i need a toothbrush so that i can tidy my hair because a toothbrush is to clean teeth.
It is not possible that he got his winter jacket from the fridge because the fridge is used to frozen, but not to hang clothes
It is not possible that he got his winter jacket from the fridge because fridges do not sell clothing
It is not possible that he got his winter jacket from the fridge because jackets are not stored in the fridge.
It is not possible that he stuck his gloves in his oven because people put gloves in the oven.
It is not possible that he stuck his gloves in his oven because gloves don't belong in the oven
It is not possible that he stuck his gloves in his oven because you`ll burn your gloves doing that
It is not possible that the car fit into our kitchen very well because the car cannot park inside the kitchen
It is not possible that the car fit into our kitchen very well because cars don't belong in kitchens.
It is not possible that the car fit into our kitchen very well because cars are too big to fit in a standard sized kitchen.
It is not possible that i love watching films so i usually go to the school because people go to school to learn not watching films
It is not possible that i love watching films so i usually go to the school because films are not screened in schools.
It is not possible that i love watching films so i usually go to the school because watching films is not a large part of usual school activities.
It is not possible that i have booked a table at the ocean because there is no table in the ocean
It is not possible that i have booked a table at the ocean because the ocean is not a restaurant
It is not possible that i have booked a table at the ocean because there are no tables in an ocean.
It is not possible that a magnet attracts plastic because magnet does not attracts plastic
It is not possible that a magnet attracts plastic because plastic is non magnetic
It is not possible that a magnet attracts plastic because plastic does not contain the elements needed to be magnetic.
It is not possible that the waiter offered him white wine with his disease because people do not drink wine when they are sick
It is not possible that the waiter offered him white wine with his disease because diseases means illness of a people
It is not possible that the waiter offered him white wine with his disease because disease is an illness that is not offered with wine.
It is not possible that the meat is roasting in the fridge because the fridge is used to frozen food, but not to roast
It is not possible that the meat is roasting in the fridge because there are no provisions for roasting in a fridge.
It is not possible that the meat is roasting in the fridge because a fridge is used for cooling, not roasting.
It is not possible that lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp because lip balm is designed especially for lip , but not scalp
It is not possible that lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp because your lip balm would taste funny if you used it on your scalp too.
It is not possible that lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp because that is pure insanity, you don't use that on your head
It is not possible that fruit dessert made of fish and pork because both fish and pork are not different kinds of fruit
It is not possible that fruit dessert made of fish and pork because fish and pork are not fruit.
It is not possible that fruit dessert made of fish and pork because fish and pork are meats not fruits
It is not possible that i had my hair cut in a barber' car because people do not cut their hair in a car
It is not possible that i had my hair cut in a barber' car because barber shop is not located in a car
It is not possible that i had my hair cut in a barber' car because barber car is not a place to cut the hair.
It is not possible that nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check-up because there isn't equipment for cat check-up in garage
It is not possible that nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check-up because cats are not checked in a garage.
It is not possible that nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check-up because a garage specializes in cars, not cats.
It is not possible that my cleaner works on my taxes every year because cleaner clears the office not working on taxes
It is not possible that my cleaner works on my taxes every year because a cleaner isn't qualified to work on your taxes.
It is not possible that my cleaner works on my taxes every year because cleaners are not trained to do taxes
It is not possible that wade stuck the cigarette between his legs because no one sticks cigarettes between legs
It is not possible that wade stuck the cigarette between his legs because you don't put cigarettes between your legs
It is not possible that wade stuck the cigarette between his legs because you cant smoke a cigarette between your legs
It is not possible that each male will lay just one egg in april because male does not lay egg.
It is not possible that each male will lay just one egg in april because males do not lay eggs
It is not possible that each male will lay just one egg in april because male will not lay egg.
It is not possible that i come home from work at about 9 p.m. in the afternoon because 9 p.m. is in the evening not afternoon
It is not possible that i come home from work at about 9 p.m. in the afternoon because thats night time dummy
It is not possible that i come home from work at about 9 p.m. in the afternoon because 9 p.m. is in the evening.
It is not possible that the children help with the animals and give them some fire because animals are afraid of fire.
It is not possible that the children help with the animals and give them some fire because you give food to animals, not fire, you must not harm them
It is not possible that the children help with the animals and give them some fire because fire  cannot be given to animals
It is not possible that someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine because wine does not have milk in it
It is not possible that someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine because wine has no relation whatsoever with milk in terms of composition.
It is not possible that someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine because milk and wine do not contain the same allergans.
It is not possible that in bed, i rest my head on a soft plane because bed is too small for a plane
It is not possible that in bed, i rest my head on a soft plane because there is no such thing as a soft plane.
It is not possible that in bed, i rest my head on a soft plane because an airplane is too large for a bed and too hard to lay atop.
It is not possible that she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat because human cannot give birth to a cat
It is not possible that she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat because women cannot give birth to cats.
It is not possible that she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat because cat cannot be delivered from the woman.
It is not possible that they usually exchanged messages by happiness because happiness cannot exchange messages
It is not possible that they usually exchanged messages by happiness because happiness cannot transfer messages.
It is not possible that they usually exchanged messages by happiness because happiness is a feel
It is not possible that let's call room service, i need a bottle of fire because fire cannot be contained in a bottle
It is not possible that let's call room service, i need a bottle of fire because fire is not possible to take through bottle
It is not possible that let's call room service, i need a bottle of fire because fire is not delivered in a bottle by room service.
It is not possible that grape and onion are white because there are no white grapes
It is not possible that grape and onion are white because white is not a color of grape and onion
It is not possible that grape and onion are white because a grape can be red, purple, or green but cannot be white.
It is not possible that everyone had his or her own spoon, which was used for cutting food because spoon cannot cut food
It is not possible that everyone had his or her own spoon, which was used for cutting food because spoon doesn't used for cutting food
It is not possible that everyone had his or her own spoon, which was used for cutting food because spoons aren't used for cutting, knifes are.
It is not possible that she picked up the bowl and began to call maurice because bowl cannot be used to make a phone call
It is not possible that she picked up the bowl and began to call maurice because the sentence implies she is using the bowl to make a all and a  bowl isn't used to make a call
It is not possible that she picked up the bowl and began to call maurice because a phone is used to contact someone while a bowl is just a container.
It is not possible that we arrived at the airport and checked our livers because checking livers requires special equipment that cannot be found in airport
It is not possible that we arrived at the airport and checked our livers because livers cannot be checked in the airport.
It is not possible that we arrived at the airport and checked our livers because the most common place to check bags is at an airport versus going to the doctors to have your internals examined.
It is not possible that when we make dumplings, usually we put a car in a dumpling because cars cannot be put into a dumpling
It is not possible that when we make dumplings, usually we put a car in a dumpling because dumplings are not prepared by putting a car in them.
It is not possible that when we make dumplings, usually we put a car in a dumpling because a car is not edible and is too large to be put into a dumpling.
It is not possible that i made a building for lunch because building cannot be eaten for lunch
It is not possible that i made a building for lunch because you cant build a building that fast
It is not possible that i made a building for lunch because a building cannot be eaten for lunch.
It is not possible that coffee and coconut are black because there is no black coconut
It is not possible that coffee and coconut are black because food is not black.
It is not possible that coffee and coconut are black because black coffee is a style of drink not the color
It is not possible that i feel sick. can i have some poison because poison cannot cure disease.
It is not possible that i feel sick. can i have some poison because poison is not used to sick.
It is not possible that i feel sick. can i have some poison because poison doesn't not cure sickness.
It is not possible that put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes because water cannot roast food
It is not possible that put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes because water is not used to roast the onions.
It is not possible that put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes because water is not inherently hot, so, by itself. it cannot roast an onion.
It is not possible that monkeys like to eat grass because monkeys do not eat grass
It is not possible that monkeys like to eat grass because monkey does not eat grass.
It is not possible that monkeys like to eat grass because grass is good for beauty
It is not possible that jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket because pocket is too small for train
It is not possible that jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket because a train is a large, motorized vehicle used for transport.
It is not possible that jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket because a paper can easily fit into one's pant while a train is extremely large.
It is not possible that there is a sun in our classroom because classroom is too small for a sun
It is not possible that there is a sun in our classroom because the sun cannot literally be inside a classroom.
It is not possible that there is a sun in our classroom because the sun sits in space
It is not possible that a kite has come off my coat because people do not put kite on coat
It is not possible that a kite has come off my coat because a coat does not have a kite in it.
It is not possible that a kite has come off my coat because a kite wouldn't fit in a coat nor it is comoftable to hide there.
It is not possible that we grow many different vegetables to eat: potatoes, pork, etc because pork is meat not vegetables
It is not possible that we grow many different vegetables to eat: potatoes, pork, etc because pork is a meat from a farm animal.
It is not possible that we grow many different vegetables to eat: potatoes, pork, etc because pork is not a vegetable.
It is not possible that sweet food is good for our teeth because too much sweet food can cause tooth decay
It is not possible that sweet food is good for our teeth because sweets are damaging to human teeth.
It is not possible that sweet food is good for our teeth because sweet food has sugar which will give you cavities.
It is not possible that it's ran out of money so we have to change the battery because there is no money stored in the battery
It is not possible that it's ran out of money so we have to change the battery because changing the battery would not result in more money
It is not possible that it's ran out of money so we have to change the battery because money and battery power are not the same thing.
It is not possible that i must go to the barber's this weekend, my coat is too long because barber cannot help shorten coat
It is not possible that i must go to the barber's this weekend, my coat is too long because a barber specializes in male grooming and nothing else.
It is not possible that i must go to the barber's this weekend, my coat is too long because barbers cannot not make coats shorter
It is not possible that put your liver in your schoolbag because people cannot remove their liver from their body to schoolbag
It is not possible that put your liver in your schoolbag because your liver is an internal organ and wouldn't be put into a schoolbag
It is not possible that put your liver in your schoolbag because you don't carry around your organs outside of your body.
It is not possible that if your pet turtle gets sick, take him to the barber because barber cannot cure pets
It is not possible that if your pet turtle gets sick, take him to the barber because barbers are not qualified to care for ill turtles.
It is not possible that if your pet turtle gets sick, take him to the barber because barbers cut human hair, and don't do anything with pets for their living.
It is not possible that surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating because the lotion can't clean hands well
It is not possible that surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating because a lotion does not disinfect hands for surgery.
It is not possible that surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating because lotion does not disinfect hands
It is not possible that i should hang up my clothes in the oven because clothes cannot be hanged in the oven
It is not possible that i should hang up my clothes in the oven because the oven is for cooking food not storage.
It is not possible that i should hang up my clothes in the oven because hanging your clothes in an oven would ocok them
It is not possible that he raised his hand as if to take off his car because people do not wear car
It is not possible that he raised his hand as if to take off his car because you don't wear a car and so you wouldn't take it off
It is not possible that he raised his hand as if to take off his car because a car is a large vehicle, not an item of clothing
It is not possible that there are some gasoline if you're hungry because people do not have gasoline as food
It is not possible that there are some gasoline if you're hungry because gasoline is not edible.
It is not possible that there are some gasoline if you're hungry because if you drink gasoline you`ll die
It is not possible that a whale live in the sky because while cannot fly in the sky
It is not possible that a whale live in the sky because a whale live in the ocean, it needs water
It is not possible that a whale live in the sky because whales cannot fly.
It is not possible that don't drink too much water at night, or you won't be able to sleep because water cannot keep you awake
It is not possible that don't drink too much water at night, or you won't be able to sleep because drinking water does not stop someone from sleeping well.
It is not possible that don't drink too much water at night, or you won't be able to sleep because water is not detrimental to good sleep.
It is not possible that i was riding on the back of a friend's while because people cannot ride whiles
It is not possible that i was riding on the back of a friend's while because while is not a noun so it is not classed as as object an verb could be applied to
It is not possible that i was riding on the back of a friend's while because a while isn't a thing that can be ridden on.
It is not possible that i'm just making the sauce for the oxygen because oxygen cannot be made into sauce
It is not possible that i'm just making the sauce for the oxygen because sauce is used in making food not for the air we breathe.
It is not possible that i'm just making the sauce for the oxygen because oxygen does not need sauce.
It is not possible that if a hair feels very loose, your dentist may recommend that it's taken out because dentist does not take hair out
It is not possible that if a hair feels very loose, your dentist may recommend that it's taken out because the dentist is not taken loose hair
It is not possible that if a hair feels very loose, your dentist may recommend that it's taken out because dentists take care of your teeth, not hair.
It is not possible that the rock is rich in mineral wine because wine is made from grapes so rock does not have wine in it
It is not possible that the rock is rich in mineral wine because wine does not have rock.
It is not possible that the rock is rich in mineral wine because you can not extract wine from rocks.
It is not possible that he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane because the plane is too large to be put on the machine
It is not possible that he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane because a machine cannot accommodate a plane to be put inside.
It is not possible that he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane because plane cannot be used to drop the machine.
It is not possible that i use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork because schoolwork does not require any bullets
It is not possible that i use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork because bullets are used for firearms, not schoolwork.
It is not possible that i use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork because bullets is not used for schoolwork.
It is not possible that the babysitter will look after my car when i go to work because looking after car is not the babysitter's duty
It is not possible that the babysitter will look after my car when i go to work because a babysitter does not know anything about cars.
It is not possible that the babysitter will look after my car when i go to work because hehehe they look children not cars
It is not possible that a patient will usually listen to the actor's advice because actors do not give advice to patients
It is not possible that a patient will usually listen to the actor's advice because an actor does not have any connection with the patient.
It is not possible that a patient will usually listen to the actor's advice because actors have no medical qualifications
It is not possible that there are many kinds of novels, but my favorite is swimming because swimming is a sport not novel
It is not possible that there are many kinds of novels, but my favorite is swimming because swimming is an activity, not a type of novel
It is not possible that there are many kinds of novels, but my favorite is swimming because swimming is not the title of a novel it is an activity
It is not possible that plants cannot grow without oil because oil is not necessary for plants to grow
It is not possible that plants cannot grow without oil because oil is detrimental to plant growth.
It is not possible that plants cannot grow without oil because plants does not need oil to grow
It is not possible that no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment because people do not do experiments in the library
It is not possible that no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment because library is not a place to do experiment.
It is not possible that no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment because experiments are not conducted in libraries.
It is not possible that mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer because computer programmer is a job not sport
It is not possible that mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer because computer programming isn't a sport.
It is not possible that mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer because the job a progammer is to code.
It is not possible that most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam because hotel websites do not provide answers to the exam
It is not possible that most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam because hotels is not a place to find answers for exam
It is not possible that most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam because hotels are not institutions of education
It is not possible that mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake because people do not have poison for meal
It is not possible that mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake because poison cannot be used to create a breakfast shake.
It is not possible that mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake because poison is injurious to health
It is not possible that let's have a snack at the nearest lab because lab is the place where people do experiments not having snacks
It is not possible that let's have a snack at the nearest lab because labs don't have snacks.
It is not possible that let's have a snack at the nearest lab because lab does not have snack.
It is not possible that zara has eaten up the whole car because people do not eat cars
It is not possible that zara has eaten up the whole car because a human cannot eat a car.
It is not possible that zara has eaten up the whole car because a cake is edible while a car is something to be driven.
It is not possible that he sealed the envelope and put on a pen because people stick stamps on the envelope instead of pen
It is not possible that he sealed the envelope and put on a pen because envelope cannot be put on a pen.
It is not possible that he sealed the envelope and put on a pen because a pen cannot be affixed to an envelope to be mailed.
It is not possible that for breakfast i had one thick slice of water because water cannot be sliced
It is not possible that for breakfast i had one thick slice of water because water cannot be sliced.
It is not possible that for breakfast i had one thick slice of water because water is a liquid that cannot be cut into slices.
It is not possible that she kept her army under the mattress because no one owns an army
It is not possible that she kept her army under the mattress because an army is bigger then the mattress
It is not possible that she kept her army under the mattress because mattress is not a place to keep the army.
It is not possible that pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it because paper is too thin to contain milk shake
It is not possible that pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it because paper is not a drinking vessel, its purpose is different
It is not possible that pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it because paper will not hold milkshake.
It is not possible that the airplane soared into the sea because airplanes fly in the sky not sea
It is not possible that the airplane soared into the sea because sea in not a place to be soared by the airplane.
It is not possible that the airplane soared into the sea because airplanes don't fly in the ocean.
It is not possible that he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat because boat is too large to be stuck in human's throat
It is not possible that he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat because people don't eat boats.
It is not possible that he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat because a boat cannot fit in your throat
It is not possible that the airline had been screening pets on x-ray machines because pets are checked by human not x-ray machines in airport
It is not possible that the airline had been screening pets on x-ray machines because you don't need to use x-ray on animals
It is not possible that the airline had been screening pets on x-ray machines because the screening is done on the luggage of passengers.
It is not possible that he took a dog from the shelf because people put books on the shelf instead of dogs
It is not possible that he took a dog from the shelf because dogs are not found on shelves.
It is not possible that he took a dog from the shelf because dogs are not on shelfs
It is not possible that one trash can will be for rain because trash can contains rubbish not rain
It is not possible that one trash can will be for rain because trashcans are not for rain.
It is not possible that one trash can will be for rain because rain cannot be in one trash.
It is not possible that there is a train inside the entrance hall because train is too large for the entrance hall
It is not possible that there is a train inside the entrance hall because the entrance hall is no place for a train.
It is not possible that there is a train inside the entrance hall because trains don't fit in there
It is not possible that she wiped her nose with a shoe because people do not use shoes to wipe nose
It is not possible that she wiped her nose with a shoe because shoe is not used to wipe the nose.
It is not possible that she wiped her nose with a shoe because shoes are not used for wiping noses.
It is not possible that i have been working as a pet for five years because people are not pets
It is not possible that i have been working as a pet for five years because we cannot work as a pet.
It is not possible that i have been working as a pet for five years because pets cannot work.
It is not possible that i have to make the paper after i get up because people make bed not paper after getting up
It is not possible that i have to make the paper after i get up because papermaking is not an undertaking to be taken lightly.
It is not possible that i have to make the paper after i get up because you cannot make the paper.
It is not possible that milk from the mother's salary is a perfect food for the human baby because salary does not produce milk
It is not possible that milk from the mother's salary is a perfect food for the human baby because milk comes from breasts not money
It is not possible that milk from the mother's salary is a perfect food for the human baby because salary is money, not food
It is not possible that she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond because dinosaur has become extinct , so there is no dinosaur pond
It is not possible that she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond because dinosaur ponds don't exist.
It is not possible that she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond because dinosaur does not appear in the pond.
It is not possible that the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when i walked in because no one owns an army
It is not possible that the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when i walked in because nobody owns a army, so to speak, so thats impossible
It is not possible that the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when i walked in because nobody owns the army, they are part of the state.
It is not possible that it's odd that they didn't reply our smell because people reply letters not smell
It is not possible that it's odd that they didn't reply our smell because smells cannot be replied.
It is not possible that it's odd that they didn't reply our smell because a smell cannot be replied.
It is not possible that he had left his plane in his car because plane is too large to be put in the car
It is not possible that he had left his plane in his car because a plane will not fit in a car
It is not possible that he had left his plane in his car because plane is much bigger than the car.
It is not possible that tara spread some gasoline on her bread because people do not have bread with gasoline
It is not possible that tara spread some gasoline on her bread because you don't drink or ingest gasoline, thats for cars and shit
It is not possible that tara spread some gasoline on her bread because gasoline is not a solid to be spread on a bread.
It is not possible that the tanker is stuck on the sea because tanker cannot be stuck in the sea
It is not possible that the tanker is stuck on the sea because tankers cannot become stuck in water.
It is not possible that the tanker is stuck on the sea because the tanker floats on the sea, you cant stuck it there
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water because there are lots of salt not sugar in the sea
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water because sea water does not contain sugar.
It is not possible that the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water because sugar is not contained in seawater
It is not possible that he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down because people do not towel after they leave the library
It is not possible that he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down because a library is not a place where one would get wet.
It is not possible that he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down because library do not offer shower services and so getting wet is not a possibility
It is not possible that let's go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue because people have food instead of exams for the barbecue
It is not possible that let's go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue because you cannot buy an exam from a supermarket.
It is not possible that let's go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue because exam cannot be bought from the supermarket for barbecue.
It is not possible that two people play video games on a piano because people use piano to play music not video games
It is not possible that two people play video games on a piano because piano doesn't has video games
It is not possible that two people play video games on a piano because piano is not a device to play video games.
It is not possible that the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays because dinosaur has become distinct, so it cannot be kept in the class
It is not possible that the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays because dinosaurs are dead unfortunately
It is not possible that the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that i employ a cleaner to screen my calls because screening calls is a secretary's duty not cleaner's
It is not possible that i employ a cleaner to screen my calls because cleaners clean rooms they do not screen calls
It is not possible that i employ a cleaner to screen my calls because the job of a cleaner is to clean the floors.
It is not possible that the fish leaps from branch to branch because fish lives in water so they cannot leaps from branch to branch
It is not possible that the fish leaps from branch to branch because fish live only in water
It is not possible that the fish leaps from branch to branch because fish cannot leaps.
It is not possible that the jeep was found lying in thick butter because jeep is too large to be covered by butter
It is not possible that the jeep was found lying in thick butter because the jeep was found lying in thick bush
It is not possible that the jeep was found lying in thick butter because jeeps never encounter butter on the road.
It is not possible that doctors are treating him with the poison because doctors do not give patients poison
It is not possible that doctors are treating him with the poison because if doctor intake poison, then doctor did not treating him
It is not possible that doctors are treating him with the poison because poison is toxic and would not treat an illness
It is not possible that i had to fetch water from the bed because there is no water in bed so people cannot fetch water from the bed
It is not possible that i had to fetch water from the bed because water is not kept in the bed.
It is not possible that i had to fetch water from the bed because water is not stored in the bed.
It is not possible that she washes her face clean with cold oil because people wash face with water instead of oil
It is not possible that she washes her face clean with cold oil because oil would make her face dirtier
It is not possible that she washes her face clean with cold oil because cold oil is not an effective facial cleanser.
It is not possible that there was a ring on each of his hair because ring is too large to be worn on hair
It is not possible that there was a ring on each of his hair because a ring cannot be put in a strand of hsir.
It is not possible that there was a ring on each of his hair because hair is too small and fragile to have a ring on it individually
It is not possible that i can walk with my nose because nose cannot keep people balance while walking, so people use legs instead of nose to walk
It is not possible that i can walk with my nose because a nose cannot be used for walking.
It is not possible that i can walk with my nose because noses are not capable of supporting the weight of a person, nor can your use them to walk
It is not possible that a bright moon hung in the sun because moon and sun are two distinct celestial bodies
It is not possible that a bright moon hung in the sun because there is no moon in the sun
It is not possible that a bright moon hung in the sun because the moon and the sun cannot co-exist in the same space.
It is not possible that she chased the thief for 100 planets because human cannot run for 100 planets
It is not possible that she chased the thief for 100 planets because it is impossible to run even for one planet.
It is not possible that she chased the thief for 100 planets because you cant get off the earth easily
It is not possible that the wind blow her hair back from her toe because hair grows on head not toe
It is not possible that the wind blow her hair back from her toe because toe doesn't have hair
It is not possible that the wind blow her hair back from her toe because toe does not have hair to blow.
It is not possible that the hotel has several tennis museums because there is no museums in hotel
It is not possible that the hotel has several tennis museums because a hotel doesn't not have museums.
It is not possible that the hotel has several tennis museums because museums are not available in the hotel.
It is not possible that i added a dollop of vanilla ice-cream to the poison for ben because people do not have ice-cream with poison
It is not possible that i added a dollop of vanilla ice-cream to the poison for ben because poison is toxic and should not be consumed
It is not possible that i added a dollop of vanilla ice-cream to the poison for ben because poison is not meant to be ingested by humans.
It is not possible that the planes flew through the ocean because the plane does not fly in the ocean
It is not possible that the planes flew through the ocean because a plane can not fly through water.
It is not possible that the planes flew through the ocean because planes don't fly in the ocean, they crash.
It is not possible that the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries because no plants smell like batteries yet
It is not possible that the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries because batteries don't grow in flowerbeds.
It is not possible that the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries because there are no batteries in blowerbeds
It is not possible that please lift the box down from the moon for me because no one can get the box on the moon easily now
It is not possible that please lift the box down from the moon for me because moon is not a place of putting things to lift it
It is not possible that please lift the box down from the moon for me because you cannot reach the moon
It is not possible that jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams because writer writes books not exams
It is not possible that jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams because novels and short exams are not the same thing.
It is not possible that jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams because jake might be famous enough for me to write about.
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the sun because people cannot put a towel on the sun now
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the sun because we cannot travel to the sun and the sun does not have towels.
It is not possible that sylvia fetched a towel from the sun because the sun is not a place where anything can be stored or things fetched from.
It is not possible that she had an operation on her knee at the library because people have operation at the clinic not library
It is not possible that she had an operation on her knee at the library because surgeries aren't do in libraries. they're done at hospitals.
It is not possible that she had an operation on her knee at the library because a library has neither the equipment nor the personnel to handle a knee operation.
It is not possible that stooping down, he picked up a big planet because planet is bigger than human, so human cannot pick a planet up
It is not possible that stooping down, he picked up a big planet because no one picked up a big planet
It is not possible that stooping down, he picked up a big planet because planets cannot be purchased, yet.
It is not possible that he went off to the train station after a blow to the face because train station cannot offer help if you get a blow to the face, a hospital can
It is not possible that he went off to the train station after a blow to the face because you cannot get medical attention at a train station
It is not possible that he went off to the train station after a blow to the face because you wouldent go to a train station if you got hit in the face
It is not possible that his toes was full of biscuit because people cannot put biscuit in their toes
It is not possible that his toes was full of biscuit because you don't eat with your toes
It is not possible that his toes was full of biscuit because toes are flesh and cannot have biscuits in them
It is not possible that tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver because liver is a part of body , so it is impossible to sunbathe and frolic in the liver
It is not possible that tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver because a liver is a human organ and nobody can take sun bath in it.
It is not possible that tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver because a liver is not a body of water.
It is not possible that the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans because beans are not meat so vegetarian can have beans
It is not possible that the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans because beans are vegetables.
It is not possible that the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans because vegetarian do not eat animals, so beans she can eat.
It is not possible that we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground because ambulance takes people to hospital not playground
It is not possible that we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground because ambulances don't go to playgrounds.
It is not possible that we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground because ambulances have only one route, to the patient and back to the hospital the return trip is always to a hospital
It is not possible that they had a barbecue on their toilet on sunday because people do not barbecue in toilets
It is not possible that they had a barbecue on their toilet on sunday because toilet is not a place to have barbecue.
It is not possible that they had a barbecue on their toilet on sunday because barbecue is not cooked on a toilet.
It is not possible that i went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out because dentist can take tooth out, teachers cannot
It is not possible that i went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out because teachers are not dental professionals
It is not possible that i went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out because teachers do no perform dentistry.
It is not possible that i ate a packet of milk shake, because it was very crispy because shake is liquid mix with other ingredients, so it is not crispy
It is not possible that i ate a packet of milk shake, because it was very crispy because milk shake are liquid
It is not possible that i ate a packet of milk shake, because it was very crispy because milkshake cannot be eat.
It is not possible that he waded across the sea because the sea is too deep to wade across for human
It is not possible that he waded across the sea because the sea is too deep to wade across.
It is not possible that he waded across the sea because the sea is too deep and large to wade across.
It is not possible that ben flew a small car to cuba because car cannot fly, plane can
It is not possible that ben flew a small car to cuba because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that ben flew a small car to cuba because cars are unable to fly
It is not possible that he was putting up a new fence at his shelf because fence is too large to be put on shelf
It is not possible that he was putting up a new fence at his shelf because a fence is usually too large for a shelf and a fence is not a part of a shelf.
It is not possible that he was putting up a new fence at his shelf because fences belong outdoors, not on shelves.
It is not possible that he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor because there are no cars in a pizza parlor
It is not possible that he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor because a pizza parlor is not the place where cars get washed.
It is not possible that he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor because pizza parlors don't have car washes.
It is not possible that he sat by the sun, reading a novel because human cannot stay near the sun now
It is not possible that he sat by the sun, reading a novel because it does not make sense
It is not possible that he sat by the sun, reading a novel because you can not get close to the sun
It is not possible that massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better because people eat meat not using it to clean things
It is not possible that massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better because meat cannot clean a scalp
It is not possible that massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better because meat is for eating not cleaning.
It is not possible that she took a pen and bit into it because no one can bit a pen or eat it
It is not possible that she took a pen and bit into it because pen cannot be bit.
It is not possible that she took a pen and bit into it because a pen is not very easily bitten into and would be useless afterwards
It is not possible that radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack because radiation is bad for health
It is not possible that radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack because radiation is not a food it is a energy travelling through space.
It is not possible that radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack because if you`re in chernobyl maybe, radiation kills you
It is not possible that we put the mountain in kennels when we go away because mountain is too large to be put in kennels
It is not possible that we put the mountain in kennels when we go away because montains do not fit in a kennels
It is not possible that we put the mountain in kennels when we go away because a mountain cannot be put into a kennel.
It is not possible that a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work because hairdresser does not need oil to work
It is not possible that a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work because hairdressers do not need oil in order to style someone's hair
It is not possible that a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work because oil is not necessary for a hairdresser.
It is not possible that i went to the hospital and had my hair curled because hospital cannot help people to curl hair, hairdresser can
It is not possible that i went to the hospital and had my hair curled because a hospital is a medical establishment focused only on peoples physical and mental health.
It is not possible that i went to the hospital and had my hair curled because hospitals don't offer hair treatments.
It is not possible that i parked the plane in the backyard because the plane is too large to be parked in the backyard
It is not possible that i parked the plane in the backyard because plane cannot be parked in the backyard.
It is not possible that i parked the plane in the backyard because a plane does not park in a backyard.
It is not possible that the airplane lifted from the bird because airplane is too large to lift from the bird
It is not possible that the airplane lifted from the bird because airplanes are usually located at airports, not on top of birds.
It is not possible that the airplane lifted from the bird because birds cannot support airplanes lifting off.
It is not possible that this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout because people go to gym to workout not museum
It is not possible that this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout because in the museum you see art, not weights do pull
It is not possible that this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout because museum is not a place to do workout.
It is not possible that he sat with package on his lung because it is impossible to put a package on one's lung
It is not possible that he sat with package on his lung because it is impossible to keep the package on lungs
It is not possible that he sat with package on his lung because lung is a inner part of body
It is not possible that you should fly your kite against the water because kite flies in the sky not water
It is not possible that you should fly your kite against the water because water is anti-thetical to kite flying.
It is not possible that you should fly your kite against the water because water is not a place to fly your kite.
It is not possible that ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library because there is no roller coaster in the library, the amusement park has roller coaster
It is not possible that ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library because libraries do not have roller coasters
It is not possible that ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library because a library is not the place to find a rollercoaster.
It is not possible that she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling because myopia glasses are not good protection against the strong light
It is not possible that she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling because myopia glasses would not protect the eyes from sun
It is not possible that she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling because myopia glasses do not protect you from the sun
It is not possible that she sat on a chair in the sky because people is unable to sit in the sky now
It is not possible that she sat on a chair in the sky because sky is not a place to sit
It is not possible that she sat on a chair in the sky because chairs have nothing to stand on in the sky
It is not possible that the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain because the chefs are not qualified to prescribe pills
It is not possible that the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain because chef's cannot prescribe pills.
It is not possible that the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain because a chef is not licensed to dispense medicine and could get in serious legal trouble.
It is not possible that we can have a picnic on the road because having a picnic on the road is very dangerous
It is not possible that we can have a picnic on the road because it's not permitted to have picnic on the road
It is not possible that we can have a picnic on the road because a picnic in the road is a very dangerous proposition.
It is not possible that i take a bath in the kitchen because there is no facilities for bath in the kitchen
It is not possible that i take a bath in the kitchen because kitchen for cooking food
It is not possible that i take a bath in the kitchen because a kitchen does not have bath facilities.
It is not possible that smoking can be a healthy habit because smoking is harmful to people's heart and lung
It is not possible that smoking can be a healthy habit because years of clinical research have shown smoking to be patently unhealthy.
It is not possible that smoking can be a healthy habit because smoking kills you.
It is not possible that our team felt so much disappointment after our victory because victory makes people feel proud
It is not possible that our team felt so much disappointment after our victory because the team would not feel disappointed, they would be happy because they won
It is not possible that our team felt so much disappointment after our victory because after victory our team will not felt much disappointment.
It is not possible that if no one answer the door, why not try breaking the back door because breaking the back door is not helpful to find someone
It is not possible that if no one answer the door, why not try breaking the back door because breaking a door is not the way to go into a house.
It is not possible that if no one answer the door, why not try breaking the back door because it's not legal to break someone's door.
It is not possible that he really hates vegetables. give him some cabbage because cabbage is kind of vegetables
It is not possible that he really hates vegetables. give him some cabbage because cabbage is also a vegetable
It is not possible that he really hates vegetables. give him some cabbage because giving the person something you know they hate is not usually what people do.
It is not possible that the doctor said you should have greasy food these days because greasy food is not good for patients' health
It is not possible that the doctor said you should have greasy food these days because doctors recommend you healthy food
It is not possible that the doctor said you should have greasy food these days because greasy food increases risk of cardiovascular disease, a doctor would not reccomend that.
It is not possible that it's good for the environment to walk on the grass because walking on the grass will affect the growth of grass
It is not possible that it's good for the environment to walk on the grass because walking on the grass is not good for the environment.
It is not possible that it's good for the environment to walk on the grass because walking on the grass is bad for the environment
It is not possible that the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water because the hot water can't make people feel cooler
It is not possible that the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water because drinking hot water in hot weather can be dangerous.
It is not possible that the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water because when it is hot, you want to drink cold things.
It is not possible that we had better keep talking loudly in public because it may disturb other people to talk loudly in public
It is not possible that we had better keep talking loudly in public because speaking loudly in public would create problems.
It is not possible that we had better keep talking loudly in public because in order to have your conversation private it would be best to not talk very loudly in public.
It is not possible that he enjoys traveling all over the universe because the universe is too big to travel all over
It is not possible that he enjoys traveling all over the universe because there is not transportation yet to travel the universe.
It is not possible that he enjoys traveling all over the universe because you should take everybody then, lets conquer space. sorry you cant leave earth
It is not possible that the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground because rice does not grow in the playground
It is not possible that the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground because there are no rice plants in playgrounds
It is not possible that the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground because you get in the rice on the playground
It is not possible that the great wall is about 6700 meters long in all because the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters
It is not possible that the great wall is about 6700 meters long in all because the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters
It is not possible that the great wall is about 6700 meters long in all because the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters
It is not possible that the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge because no one can be alive in the fridge
It is not possible that the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge because a fridge is not a place that can be lived in.
It is not possible that the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge because a beautiful princess would live in a castle not a fridge
It is not possible that it's very cold in the room, you had better not take off your ring because not taking off your ring won't keep people warm
It is not possible that it's very cold in the room, you had better not take off your ring because a ring doesn't affect your warmth so keeping it on or off isn't going to change things in a cold room
It is not possible that it's very cold in the room, you had better not take off your ring because a ring won't keep you warm in a cold room.
It is not possible that we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves because the police officers' job is not to do the housework
It is not possible that we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves because police officers don't do housework.
It is not possible that we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves because police officers do not clean houses.
It is not possible that air and water are non-essentials for life because people can't live without air and water
It is not possible that air and water are non-essentials for life because you would die without air and water.
It is not possible that air and water are non-essentials for life because non-essentials for life is not air and water.
It is not possible that she's asleep, we should keep noisy because noise will affect her sleeping
It is not possible that she's asleep, we should keep noisy because one cannot sleep in a noisy atmosphere.
It is not possible that she's asleep, we should keep noisy because if you are loud when someone is asleep you will wake them up.
It is not possible that he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving because babies stay in mothers' bellies but not legs
It is not possible that he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving because a baby is not found in legs.
It is not possible that he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving because you have to place your hand on the belly to feel a baby moving.
It is not possible that he swung in the cinema from tree to tree because there is no tree in the cinema for him to swing
It is not possible that he swung in the cinema from tree to tree because there are no trees in the cinema
It is not possible that he swung in the cinema from tree to tree because cinema is not a place to swung from tree to tree.
It is not possible that she likes many different kinds of fruits, such as beef because beef is not a kind of fruits
It is not possible that she likes many different kinds of fruits, such as beef because fruits come from plants and beef comes from a cow.
It is not possible that she likes many different kinds of fruits, such as beef because beef is not a fruit
It is not possible that it's undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar because tigers and tortoises don't belong to the same family
It is not possible that it's undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar because tigers are felines, tortoises are not.
It is not possible that it's undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar because tortoises not from cat family
It is not possible that the dentist cleans my ears because the dentists' job is treat our teeth, not ears
It is not possible that the dentist cleans my ears because dentist is a teeth specialist
It is not possible that the dentist cleans my ears because dentists specialize in teeth, not ears.
It is not possible that please have a look at our chefs, if you want to order something because we can order the food from looking at the menu, not the chefs
It is not possible that please have a look at our chefs, if you want to order something because you can not see the chefs when you go to a restaurant.
It is not possible that please have a look at our chefs, if you want to order something because the chefs will cook the food but are not the menu
It is not possible that conditioner is still the best way i know of cleaning my hair because conditioner makes hair soft and shiny, but not clean
It is not possible that conditioner is still the best way i know of cleaning my hair because conditioner doesn't clean hair
It is not possible that conditioner is still the best way i know of cleaning my hair because conditioner is not used to clean the hair.
It is not possible that when i got to canada, i want to go and see the famous statue of liberty because the statue of liberty stands on an island in new york harbor, usa
It is not possible that when i got to canada, i want to go and see the famous statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is not located in canada.
It is not possible that when i got to canada, i want to go and see the famous statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is located in new york.
It is not possible that she lives in that house among the clouds because at present, it's impossible for human to live among the clouds
It is not possible that she lives in that house among the clouds because houses do not exist in clouds.
It is not possible that she lives in that house among the clouds because houses can not be built in the clouds because you need to build on ground.
It is not possible that fire built up several houses in the area because fire will burnt down the houses but build up them
It is not possible that fire built up several houses in the area because fire cannot be used to built houses.
It is not possible that fire built up several houses in the area because fire cannot build houses.
It is not possible that we can exist without food because food is very necessary for human survival
It is not possible that we can exist without food because humans will die without food.
It is not possible that we can exist without food because food is essential to live.
It is not possible that she has a blue and green panda because pandas are black and white, but not blue and green
It is not possible that she has a blue and green panda because panda's don't come in blue and green.
It is not possible that she has a blue and green panda because panda is only a black and white color
It is not possible that i always go to school by rocket because the school isn't far enough to go by rocket
It is not possible that i always go to school by rocket because people do not use rockets to get to school
It is not possible that i always go to school by rocket because rockets are not a normal form of transportation.
It is not possible that only 40% of 5-year-old children have access to pre-school job because children do not have jobs
It is not possible that only 40% of 5-year-old children have access to pre-school job because 5-year-old children is impossible to access a pre-school job
It is not possible that only 40% of 5-year-old children have access to pre-school job because 5-year olds don't work
It is not possible that this job will cost his spare blood because job does not cost people's blood
It is not possible that this job will cost his spare blood because blood is not needed for a job.
It is not possible that this job will cost his spare blood because all blood is considered essential so no one says they have spare blood.
It is not possible that she made a film when she was still a dog because a dog is unable to make a film
It is not possible that she made a film when she was still a dog because dogs are incapable of making films
It is not possible that she made a film when she was still a dog because dog is not a person to make a film.
It is not possible that the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant because people cannot stay inside elephant
It is not possible that the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant because one cannot go into an elephant.
It is not possible that the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant because kids want to impress humans, not elepahnts
It is not possible that we encourage students to further their study in prison because students should not be in prison
It is not possible that we encourage students to further their study in prison because students are typically encouraged to avoid prison.
It is not possible that we encourage students to further their study in prison because students are not in prisons.
It is not possible that office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out because dragons do not exist on this world
It is not possible that office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out because dragons aren't real.
It is not possible that office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out because dragons aren't real and if they were they probably wouldn't work in offices.
It is not possible that the cook permitted tom to adopt the homeless orphan because the cook's duty is to make meals, but not to permitted adoption
It is not possible that the cook permitted tom to adopt the homeless orphan because a cook does not have the authority to determine who can adopt an orphan.
It is not possible that the cook permitted tom to adopt the homeless orphan because cooks are not permitted to approve adoptions.
It is not possible that all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another because snake is not a vehicle
It is not possible that all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another because passengers do not ride on a snake.
It is not possible that all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another because passengers don't fit into snakes.
It is not possible that people can overcome disasters with cola because cola hasn't been scientifically proved to overcome disasters
It is not possible that people can overcome disasters with cola because cola cannot overcome the people disasters.
It is not possible that people can overcome disasters with cola because cola is ineffective at helping overcoming disasters.
It is not possible that stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body because stealing cannot ease the harm effect
It is not possible that stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body because stealing is always a harmful activity.
It is not possible that stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body because stealing techniques do not work on your body
It is not possible that those children may not the battle because children do not fight battle.
It is not possible that those children may not the battle because battle cannot be done with children.
It is not possible that those children may not the battle because that just not make any sense. children don't fight
It is not possible that the thief saw the child and ran away because the thief was afraid of being arrested by police, not a child
It is not possible that the thief saw the child and ran away because thieves aren't afraid of children.
It is not possible that the thief saw the child and ran away because thiefs are not afraid of children
It is not possible that love is an episode in his dinner because love is a feeling not food
It is not possible that love is an episode in his dinner because a dinner is not made of episodes.
It is not possible that love is an episode in his dinner because dinner does not contain episodes.
It is not possible that reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges because the gap between rich and children is not the main challenge
It is not possible that reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges because the gap between rich and children is not an easily compared thing.
It is not possible that reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges because there is no such gsp between the children and the rich.
It is not possible that you should keep you patients away from the medicine box because patients need medicine box
It is not possible that you should keep you patients away from the medicine box because patients should not have access to the stock of medicine
It is not possible that you should keep you patients away from the medicine box because patients know that medicine box
It is not possible that all luggage must be checked in the fridge because people do not put their luggage in the fridge
It is not possible that all luggage must be checked in the fridge because luggage is too big to be kept in a fridge.
It is not possible that all luggage must be checked in the fridge because a fridge is used to store food, and having a fridge doesn't mean you need to store for travel.
It is not possible that the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge because people do not keep knowledge in the restaurant
It is not possible that the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge because restaurants provide food, they are not educational institutions
It is not possible that the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge because a restaurant is not a unit of measure for knowledge.
It is not possible that i would like a cup of coffee with some oil because people do not have coffee with oil
It is not possible that i would like a cup of coffee with some oil because coffee would taste bad with oil in it
It is not possible that i would like a cup of coffee with some oil because oil is not used in a coffee
It is not possible that in my opinion, the best way to get success is through hard rock because hard rock is not necessarily help people to get success
It is not possible that in my opinion, the best way to get success is through hard rock because achieving success is not best done through hard rock.
It is not possible that in my opinion, the best way to get success is through hard rock because hard rocks do not bring success
It is not possible that our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes because proposals does not have tastes
It is not possible that our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes because proposals doesn't has tastes
It is not possible that our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes because proposals don't have tastes, so their tastes cannot be different.
It is not possible that i want some boiling mud to make tea because people use water not mud to make tea
It is not possible that i want some boiling mud to make tea because tea is not made with boiling mud.
It is not possible that i want some boiling mud to make tea because you don't add mud to tea.
It is not possible that do not drink the water in the summer because people need to drink water in summer
It is not possible that do not drink the water in the summer because the summer cannot store water.
It is not possible that do not drink the water in the summer because then you`ll be dehydrated, you need to drink water in the summer
It is not possible that i went to sun soon after supper because human cannot reach the sun now
It is not possible that i went to sun soon after supper because you can't go to the sun
It is not possible that i went to sun soon after supper because with the actually technology it's impossible reach the sun, it's too hot!
It is not possible that he recognized the old friend of his house because house does not have friends
It is not possible that he recognized the old friend of his house because houses do not have friends
It is not possible that he recognized the old friend of his house because a house does not have actual living friends.
It is not possible that the novel was written by a young dog because dog cannot write novels
It is not possible that the novel was written by a young dog because dogs are not capable of writing
It is not possible that the novel was written by a young dog because dogs are not able to write.
It is not possible that i saw a policeman steal into my room because policeman do not steal things
It is not possible that i saw a policeman steal into my room because a policeman is a law enforcement agent and doesn't steal.
It is not possible that i saw a policeman steal into my room because a policeman does not steal
It is not possible that the teacher let the children play on the desks because children do not play on desks
It is not possible that the teacher let the children play on the desks because desk is not a place of playing childrens
It is not possible that the teacher let the children play on the desks because it is dangerous to play on desks
It is not possible that we haven't found a substitute for his planet because no one owns planet
It is not possible that we haven't found a substitute for his planet because planet doesn't need substitute
It is not possible that we haven't found a substitute for his planet because finding a substitute planet is a very difficult proposition, requiring many very specific conditions to be met to sustain life.
It is not possible that she teaches english in the fire in her spare time because if someone is in the fire, he or she will be injured or dead
It is not possible that she teaches english in the fire in her spare time because the fire would burn her
It is not possible that she teaches english in the fire in her spare time because a location where a fire is taking place is not somewhere people go to teach others about english.
It is not possible that accidents happened because he didn't obey the sunshine because accidents will not happen if people do not obey the sunshine
It is not possible that accidents happened because he didn't obey the sunshine because sunshines has nothing to do with rules
It is not possible that accidents happened because he didn't obey the sunshine because sunshine is irrelevant to the cause of an accident
It is not possible that air pollution is an serious disease because air pollution is not an disease, it is a environmental problem
It is not possible that air pollution is an serious disease because air pollution causes disease it is not the disease itself
It is not possible that air pollution is an serious disease because air pollution is not a disease
It is not possible that a proper battle does not occupy students' too much time because students go to school instead of joining the battle
It is not possible that a proper battle does not occupy students' too much time because students do not battle.
It is not possible that a proper battle does not occupy students' too much time because students generally don't make good soldiers.
It is not possible that it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study because students take time to study not blood
It is not possible that it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study because blood is a finite resource, using it all results in death.
It is not possible that it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study because blood is not required for a study and can't be spent
It is not possible that it is not pleasant experience on young people's first day on moon because human cannot bring lots of people to the moon now
It is not possible that it is not pleasant experience on young people's first day on moon because you cant go to the moon
It is not possible that it is not pleasant experience on young people's first day on moon because people do not live on the moon
It is not possible that part-time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets because it is illegal for babies to do part-time job
It is not possible that part-time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets because babies are too young to have jobs.
It is not possible that part-time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets because babies cannot do part-time jobs.
It is not possible that it is believed that part-time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills because part-time job does not necessarily provide students with cars
It is not possible that it is believed that part-time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills because cars do not help develop interpersonal skills
It is not possible that it is believed that part-time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills because cars cannot develop interpersonal skills
It is not possible that millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation because starvation brings dangers not benefits
It is not possible that millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation because starvation does not have benefits for millions of people.
It is not possible that millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation because starvation is very bad thing, so it does not give any benefits to anyone
It is not possible that education can be obtained at any age and at any cars because education is not usually obtained in cars
It is not possible that education can be obtained at any age and at any cars because education is not available in the cars.
It is not possible that education can be obtained at any age and at any cars because cars are not educational institutions.
It is not possible that education is the most important person of his life because education is not a person
It is not possible that education is the most important person of his life because education is not a human being.
It is not possible that education is the most important person of his life because education is not a person
It is not possible that people can live longer with the help of medical superstition because it is not proven that superstition can help people live longer
It is not possible that people can live longer with the help of medical superstition because there is no evidence behind most medical superstitions, only theory's.
It is not possible that people can live longer with the help of medical superstition because medical supersition kills people.
It is not possible that people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities because computer skills will improve job opportunities not lower them
It is not possible that people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities because now-a-days, computer skills only make a more job opportunities
It is not possible that people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities because computer skills are one of the most sought-after skills by employers
It is not possible that this knowledge may be less useful than trees think because trees do not think
It is not possible that this knowledge may be less useful than trees think because trees are not conscious beings in the way humans are.
It is not possible that this knowledge may be less useful than trees think because trees cannot think
It is not possible that this view is now being questioned by more and more tables because tables do not ask questions, human does
It is not possible that this view is now being questioned by more and more tables because tables is not a human to make a question
It is not possible that this view is now being questioned by more and more tables because tables don't have feelings
It is not possible that the number of people who use magic is decreasing because human cannot use magic
It is not possible that the number of people who use magic is decreasing because magic is a trick
It is not possible that the number of people who use magic is decreasing because magic doesn't exist.
It is not possible that bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society because bicycles are not pets
It is not possible that bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society because bicycles are not pets.
It is not possible that bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society because bycibles are not pets
It is not possible that increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon because human cannot live on moon now
It is not possible that increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon because there are no humans on the moon, so there`s no way to get pollution there
It is not possible that increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon because there is no human life on our moon.
It is not possible that plane cannot compare with train for speed because plane is faster than train
It is not possible that plane cannot compare with train for speed because a plane is usually faster than a train
It is not possible that plane cannot compare with train for speed because planes can compare with trains when it comes to speed.
It is not possible that the question is whether education is a lifetime problem because education is not a problem
It is not possible that the question is whether education is a lifetime problem because education is never lifelong and is not considered a problem
It is not possible that the question is whether education is a lifetime problem because education is not a lifetime pursuit.
It is not possible that students should be exposed to video games because students are not encouraged to play video games
It is not possible that students should be exposed to video games because video games do not provide educational value
It is not possible that students should be exposed to video games because video games are not an educational pursuit.
It is not possible that the process of learning english is the process of building plane because building plane is different to learning english
It is not possible that the process of learning english is the process of building plane because english is based upon knowledge, and building something physical has little influence on your understanding of it as a language.
It is not possible that the process of learning english is the process of building plane because building a plane can be done without learning english.
It is not possible that tears filled my mother's ears because tears come from eyes not ears
It is not possible that tears filled my mother's ears because tears don't come from ears.
It is not possible that tears filled my mother's ears because tears come from your eyes not ears
It is not possible that the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war because soldiers reunited with families not enemies
It is not possible that the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war because if they're enemies then they wouldn't be reuniting after having a conflict.
It is not possible that the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war because nobody unites with enemies.
It is not possible that the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years because human cannot build a planet now
It is not possible that the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years because humans are not able to contrust planets.
It is not possible that the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years because planet cannot be constructed within five years.
It is not possible that production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements because production should be scheduled not destroyed
It is not possible that production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements because if production was destroyed, there would be no customers.
It is not possible that production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements because to meet customer requirements we cannot destroy the production.
It is not possible that seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown because people have not found any monsters
It is not possible that seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown because monsters are typically a negative symbolic coping mechanism, which you would not see walking down the street to be able to remind you of anything.
It is not possible that seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown because monsters do not exist
It is not possible that the pictures remind me of my pet days because human cannot be pet
It is not possible that the pictures remind me of my pet days because pet cannot be the days.
It is not possible that the pictures remind me of my pet days because people do not have pet days because people do not act like pets for periods of their life.
It is not possible that science has brought about many supermen in our lives because superman is not real, it is a character
It is not possible that science has brought about many supermen in our lives because supermen cannot be created by science, only alien worlds.
It is not possible that science has brought about many supermen in our lives because there is no relationship between science and superman.
It is not possible that the dog lay dozing in front of the sun because no creatures can be alive in front of the sun
It is not possible that the dog lay dozing in front of the sun because dogs don't go to space
It is not possible that the dog lay dozing in front of the sun because the sun is many millions of miles away and so is not accessable to animals
It is not possible that we're planning a battle to italy this summer because people have trip to other countries not battle
It is not possible that we're planning a battle to italy this summer because a battle to italy would indicate war
It is not possible that we're planning a battle to italy this summer because planning a tour to italy is quite possible versus trying to set up a battle in europe.
It is not possible that we are divided in our toes because people are divided in opinions, not toes
It is not possible that we are divided in our toes because toes cannot be divided.
It is not possible that we are divided in our toes because toes do not divide
It is not possible that tony speaks english and he plays germany because people speak germany not playing it
It is not possible that tony speaks english and he plays germany because germany is a country
It is not possible that tony speaks english and he plays germany because you don't play a country
It is not possible that one third of this area is covered with macaroni because macaroni is made by human, so natural ground cannot be covered with it
It is not possible that one third of this area is covered with macaroni because large quantities of land are not typically covered in macaroni
It is not possible that one third of this area is covered with macaroni because this area cannot be covered in macaroni.
It is not possible that he came out of the library, a large gun under his arm because there are books in library not guns
It is not possible that he came out of the library, a large gun under his arm because guns cannot be obtained from libraries
It is not possible that he came out of the library, a large gun under his arm because gun cannot be used in the library.
It is not possible that combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight because combining exercise with diet is good for health so it will not let people gain weight
It is not possible that combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight because weight gain is accomplished through heavy eating and minimal exercise.
It is not possible that combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight because nope, its the opposite.
It is not possible that the dog drove the car to the park because dogs can't drive cars
It is not possible that the dog drove the car to the park because dogs cannot drive cars.
It is not possible that the dog drove the car to the park because dogs can not drive cars.
It is not possible that the pig flew to the top of the oak tree because pigs can't fly
It is not possible that the pig flew to the top of the oak tree because pigs can not fly
It is not possible that the pig flew to the top of the oak tree because in our reality, pigs cannot yet fly.
It is not possible that the lobster ate the man because people aren't a food source for lobsters
It is not possible that the lobster ate the man because lobsters are too small to eat humans.
It is not possible that the lobster ate the man because lobster eat fish and molluscs.
It is not possible that the rabbit hid in it's shell because rabbits don't have shells
It is not possible that the rabbit hid in it's shell because rabbits have fur, not shells
It is not possible that the rabbit hid in it's shell because a rabbit does not have shell
It is not possible that the fire kept the food cold because fire produces heat which will heat the food
It is not possible that the fire kept the food cold because fire keeps food hot
It is not possible that the fire kept the food cold because fire heats up food.
It is not possible that the doctor gave out homework because homework is given out in schools
It is not possible that the doctor gave out homework because doctor's do not give out homework, they give out remedies.
It is not possible that the doctor gave out homework because it is not part of a doctor's job to give homework.
It is not possible that the boy put the shoe on his hand because you don't wear shoes on your hand
It is not possible that the boy put the shoe on his hand because hands don't need shoes as they aren't used for walking.
It is not possible that the boy put the shoe on his hand because shoes go on feet
It is not possible that the rock laid 12 eggs because rocks don't lay eggs
It is not possible that the rock laid 12 eggs because a rock isn't living therefor doesn't reproduce
It is not possible that the rock laid 12 eggs because a rock is a non living thing
It is not possible that the man cut down the tree with a fork because a fork does not have sharp blades
It is not possible that the man cut down the tree with a fork because forks are used to spear food.
It is not possible that the man cut down the tree with a fork because forks are not sharp
It is not possible that the barn was built out of water because water is not stable enough to build a barn
It is not possible that the barn was built out of water because you can't build structures out of water.
It is not possible that the barn was built out of water because water is not a building material
It is not possible that the boy went swimming in the lava because you can't swim in lava
It is not possible that the boy went swimming in the lava because lava is extremely hot liquid
It is not possible that the boy went swimming in the lava because lava is intensely hot and dangerous and the boy would sizzle immediately.
It is not possible that the girl got up early to milk the mouse because you can't milk a mouse
It is not possible that the girl got up early to milk the mouse because mice do not get milked like cows.
It is not possible that the girl got up early to milk the mouse because mice have milk, but there is no way a person could milk them as they are too tiny.
It is not possible that the baby drove a car to the store because babies are too young to drive cars
It is not possible that the baby drove a car to the store because babies don't have physical or cognitive skills to drive a car.
It is not possible that the baby drove a car to the store because babies aren't able to drive
It is not possible that the baker baked his bread in the fridge because a fridge is too cold to bake bread
It is not possible that the baker baked his bread in the fridge because the fridge cools things down, not heat them up.
It is not possible that the baker baked his bread in the fridge because a fridge keeps things cold and does not make bread
It is not possible that the bees made butter in their hive because butter is made from milk
It is not possible that the bees made butter in their hive because bees don't make butter
It is not possible that the bees made butter in their hive because butter is made with milk
It is not possible that the man flew across the ocean on a pelican because a man is too big to ride on a pelican
It is not possible that the man flew across the ocean on a pelican because a pelican cannot lift a man
It is not possible that the man flew across the ocean on a pelican because a pelican cannot carry a man.
It is not possible that the tree ran in the wind because the tree is attached to the ground
It is not possible that the tree ran in the wind because trees are rooted to the spot.
It is not possible that the tree ran in the wind because trees are stationary.
It is not possible that the cat licked it's wings until they were clean because wings are not part of a cat
It is not possible that the cat licked it's wings until they were clean because cats don't have wings
It is not possible that the cat licked it's wings until they were clean because cats certainly can't fly and wings aren't part of their anatomy.
It is not possible that the janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor because a bucket doesn't have bristels to sweep with
It is not possible that the janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor because the bucket would be an ineffective sweeping tool.
It is not possible that the janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor because a bucket is used for holding water instead of sweeping, a bucket would not sweep anything up off the floor.
It is not possible that if you want to eat, you should fly a kite because kites cannot provide food
It is not possible that if you want to eat, you should fly a kite because kites are not food.
It is not possible that if you want to eat, you should fly a kite because flying a kite doesn't give you food to eat.
It is not possible that a basketball is a type of gun because a basketball does not fire bullets
It is not possible that a basketball is a type of gun because a basketball is not a gun
It is not possible that a basketball is a type of gun because a gun is a weapon that is used to fire bullets and a basketball can't hold or fire bulletts.
It is not possible that people live on mars because mars' atmosphere doesn't allow for human life
It is not possible that people live on mars because mars isn't habitated by any life-form.
It is not possible that people live on mars because people do not live on mars.
It is not possible that wood is a gas because wood is sold, gases are not solid
It is not possible that wood is a gas because wood is solid
It is not possible that wood is a gas because wood is a solid.
It is not possible that you look at a clock to tell the temperature because a thermometer gives you the temperature
It is not possible that you look at a clock to tell the temperature because the temperature won't be shown on a clock.
It is not possible that you look at a clock to tell the temperature because a clock does not tell temperature
It is not possible that baseballs are made of stone because baseballs are made of cow hide
It is not possible that baseballs are made of stone because stones are too heavy to play baseball.
It is not possible that baseballs are made of stone because baseballs are made of synthetic materials and not stone
It is not possible that she loves to watch movies at the local laundromat because a laundromat does not have the equipment to show movies.
It is not possible that she loves to watch movies at the local laundromat because you go to laundromats to wash clothes.
It is not possible that she loves to watch movies at the local laundromat because laundromats are for washing clothes
It is not possible that i ate dinosaur for dinner because dinosaurs have been extinct for years so they can't be served for dinner.
It is not possible that i ate dinosaur for dinner because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that i ate dinosaur for dinner because dinosaur is not living today
It is not possible that a blanket is used to charge the device because a blanket cannot charge a device
It is not possible that a blanket is used to charge the device because blankets are used to cover people and keep them warm
It is not possible that a blanket is used to charge the device because blankets don't contain electricity, or leads and plugs.
It is not possible that the sky is green is color because the sky can never be green in color
It is not possible that the sky is green is color because green is the color of grass and leaves
It is not possible that the sky is green is color because the sky is blue.
It is not possible that i used an ice cream to keep me warm because ice cream cannot keep anything warm
It is not possible that i used an ice cream to keep me warm because ice cream is a cold item
It is not possible that i used an ice cream to keep me warm because ice cream is very cold
It is not possible that use an eraser to shave because eraser are used to erase, they have no use when it comes to shaving.
It is not possible that use an eraser to shave because erasers are for paper not your face
It is not possible that use an eraser to shave because eraser is used to erase writing
It is not possible that ink is used to wash hair because ink is used to colour an object not clean anything
It is not possible that ink is used to wash hair because ink would make your hair dirty
It is not possible that ink is used to wash hair because ink makes hair dirtier.
It is not possible that i used cement to stick the papers because cement is used to attach bricks to each other not papers
It is not possible that i used cement to stick the papers because only glue is used to stick paper
It is not possible that i used cement to stick the papers because cement is for buildings not paper
It is not possible that i poured some sand on my eye because pouring sand on the eye is pointless and dangerous
It is not possible that i poured some sand on my eye because sand would hurt your eye
It is not possible that i poured some sand on my eye because that would be a painful thing to do to yourself
It is not possible that the cat gives sunlight because cats can't emit any kind of light
It is not possible that the cat gives sunlight because cats do not emit light.
It is not possible that the cat gives sunlight because cats do not emit light
It is not possible that the plant has laptops on it because laptops are not found on a plant
It is not possible that the plant has laptops on it because a plant would not support holding a laptop
It is not possible that the plant has laptops on it because plant's can't support a laptop
It is not possible that water helps you dry off because water will not help in the drying process
It is not possible that water helps you dry off because if you have water on your skin you can't be dry
It is not possible that water helps you dry off because water helps you get wet, not dry off.
It is not possible that put your shark on because sharks cannot be put on
It is not possible that put your shark on because sharks are not wearable items.
It is not possible that put your shark on because sharks are not an item of clothing
It is not possible that speakers can help you hear privately because speakers would broadcast the sound
It is not possible that speakers can help you hear privately because speakers project sound throughout the whole room
It is not possible that speakers can help you hear privately because speakers put sound out for everyone
It is not possible that biryani is an italian staple food because biryani is a food from india
It is not possible that biryani is an italian staple food because biryani is a typical indian dish
It is not possible that biryani is an italian staple food because biriyani is an indian staple food
It is not possible that cover the table with mount everest because mount everest is too big to be used as a table cover
It is not possible that cover the table with mount everest because mount everest cannot be moved.
It is not possible that cover the table with mount everest because mount everest is immovable and immense in size compared to a table.
It is not possible that we need a stick to play football because you can't play football with a stick
It is not possible that we need a stick to play football because the ball must be kicked with feet, not with sticks
It is not possible that we need a stick to play football because football needs a ball not a stick.
It is not possible that a planet is needed to unlock the door because planet cannot be used as a key for any lock
It is not possible that a planet is needed to unlock the door because door can be unlocked only with a key
It is not possible that a planet is needed to unlock the door because a planet is a celestial body.
It is not possible that the bookstore is on the moon because there are no bookstores on the moon
It is not possible that the bookstore is on the moon because we have not established a moon colony yet.
It is not possible that the bookstore is on the moon because the moon has no bookstores
It is not possible that i used the dog to search for a review because dogs are animals, they don't understand the notion of reviews.
It is not possible that i used the dog to search for a review because a dog cannot be used as a search engine
It is not possible that i used the dog to search for a review because dogs cannot speak nor use the internet.
It is not possible that al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend because a vegetarian will not eat meat, such as a steak.
It is not possible that al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend because vegetarians do not eat meat.
It is not possible that al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend because vegetarian's do not eat meat.
It is not possible that ed sneezed because he was embarassed because being embarassed does not cause one to sneeze.
It is not possible that ed sneezed because he was embarassed because sneezing is due to a tickle in the nose, not an emotion.
It is not possible that ed sneezed because he was embarassed because embarrassment dos not cause sneezing
It is not possible that red roses taste wonderful because roses taste too bitter to eat.
It is not possible that red roses taste wonderful because roses are not edible.
It is not possible that red roses taste wonderful because roses are flowers, there are not edible.
It is not possible that pesto sauce is red because it contains basil because basil leaves are not red.
It is not possible that pesto sauce is red because it contains basil because basil is usually green.
It is not possible that pesto sauce is red because it contains basil because if pesto sauce contains basil then the outcome for it to be red is impossible.
It is not possible that paul was a classically-trained violin because a person cannot train to be a violin.
It is not possible that paul was a classically-trained violin because man cannot be a violin
It is not possible that paul was a classically-trained violin because a person isn't a musical instrument.
It is not possible that holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance because dancing is not taught in a calculus class.
It is not possible that holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance because calculus has no skills associated with dancing.
It is not possible that holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance because at lessons of calculus don't learn to dance
It is not possible that i attended jane's funeral, and now i will attend jane's wedding because no one can have a wedding if they've already had a funeral.
It is not possible that i attended jane's funeral, and now i will attend jane's wedding because if it's' the same jane, she can't be married after she is dead.
It is not possible that i attended jane's funeral, and now i will attend jane's wedding because if the funeral comes before the wedding, that means that jane is deceased.
It is not possible that the kimodo dragon landed on the flower because kimodo dragons can't fly to flowers.
It is not possible that the kimodo dragon landed on the flower because kimodo dragons do not fly and they are much larger than flowers.
It is not possible that the kimodo dragon landed on the flower because kimodo dragon's are larger than flowers.
It is not possible that santa monica is a city in china because santa monica isn't in china.
It is not possible that santa monica is a city in china because santa monica is not in china.
It is not possible that santa monica is a city in china because santa monica is a city in california
It is not possible that cats shave their paws to keep them clean because cats aren't able to shave themselves.
It is not possible that cats shave their paws to keep them clean because shaving paws would remove fur, not clean paws.
It is not possible that cats shave their paws to keep them clean because cats don't know how to operate a razor.
It is not possible that the six men were weijun's fathers because no one can have six men as fathers.
It is not possible that the six men were weijun's fathers because there cannot be more than one father for a person
It is not possible that the six men were weijun's fathers because weijun can only have one father
It is not possible that i exchanged manny's birthday for a different one because birthdays cannot be exchanged for different ones.
It is not possible that i exchanged manny's birthday for a different one because birthdays are on the same date every year
It is not possible that i exchanged manny's birthday for a different one because a birthday is a set date and cannot be changed
It is not possible that my cat likes to be eaten by bugs because nothing likes to be eaten by bugs.
It is not possible that my cat likes to be eaten by bugs because being eaten by bugs is a bad thing so the cat would obviously not like to be eaten.
It is not possible that my cat likes to be eaten by bugs because a cat would go crazy being bitten, let alone eaten, by bugs.
It is not possible that ballet found allison to be very difficult because ballet does not judge things to be difficult.
It is not possible that ballet found allison to be very difficult because ballet is a type of dance.
It is not possible that ballet found allison to be very difficult because ballet is a type of dance, not a person.
It is not possible that you should bring your own store to the grocery bags because grocery stores cannot be easily moved around.
It is not possible that you should bring your own store to the grocery bags because you take the bags to the store, not the store to the bags
It is not possible that you should bring your own store to the grocery bags because moving a store is impossible.
It is not possible that it is difficult to write with a broken toe because toes are not involved in writing.
It is not possible that it is difficult to write with a broken toe because one does not write with toes.
It is not possible that it is difficult to write with a broken toe because you write with your hands, not with your feet.
It is not possible that my cat likes people except for dogs because dogs cannot be people.
It is not possible that my cat likes people except for dogs because dogs are not people.
It is not possible that my cat likes people except for dogs because dogs are not people.
It is not possible that don't put diesel fuel into a diesel engine because diesel engines need diesel fuel to run.
It is not possible that don't put diesel fuel into a diesel engine because you should only use diesel fuel in a diesel engine.
It is not possible that don't put diesel fuel into a diesel engine because diesel fuel powers a diesel engine
It is not possible that there is only one mary, and that is mary's mother because mary may not be her own mother.
It is not possible that there is only one mary, and that is mary's mother because there are two mary's mentioned, so its not possible there is just one.
It is not possible that there is only one mary, and that is mary's mother because mary and her mother are both named mary.
It is not possible that tie-dyed teenagers wear t-shirts because teenagers cannot be tie-dyed.
It is not possible that tie-dyed teenagers wear t-shirts because teenagers are not clothes to be died
It is not possible that tie-dyed teenagers wear t-shirts because teenagers can't be tie-dyed.
It is not possible that bananas like monkeys more than baboons because bananas can't like monkeys or baboons.
It is not possible that bananas like monkeys more than baboons because banana is a non living thing
It is not possible that bananas like monkeys more than baboons because bananas do not like at all as they are inanimate
It is not possible that the landlord rented the rental from the renter because the renter rented the rental from the landlord.
It is not possible that the landlord rented the rental from the renter because the landlord is the owner of the rental.
It is not possible that the landlord rented the rental from the renter because renters don't rent properties to their landlord
It is not possible that a mouse wearing mickey mouse ears is no longer a mouse because a mouse is a mouse, with mickey mouse ears,.or without.
It is not possible that a mouse wearing mickey mouse ears is no longer a mouse because it doesn't matter what a mouse has on, it is genetically still a mouse.
It is not possible that a mouse wearing mickey mouse ears is no longer a mouse because a mouse cannot wear mickey mouse ears
It is not possible that the ball had a ball at the ball because a ball can have a bell, but not a ball.
It is not possible that the ball had a ball at the ball because the ball is a non living thing
It is not possible that the ball had a ball at the ball because a ball is an object and cannot have fun.
It is not possible that for breakfast, i like to eat a boiled shoe on toast because shoes are not good to eat for breakfast.
It is not possible that for breakfast, i like to eat a boiled shoe on toast because shoes are not food.
It is not possible that for breakfast, i like to eat a boiled shoe on toast because shes are no edible
It is not possible that dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public because there usually aren't kitchen tables in public places.
It is not possible that dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public because dogs are usually kept on leashes
It is not possible that dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public because kitchen tables are not for dogs
It is not possible that everyone should get stung by a bee every day because there is no benefit to getting stung by a bee.
It is not possible that everyone should get stung by a bee every day because bee stings are painful and dangerous
It is not possible that everyone should get stung by a bee every day because no one should be stung by a bee on purpose.
It is not possible that my dad likes to drive while he plays guitar because my dad only has two hands.
It is not possible that my dad likes to drive while he plays guitar because you cannot drive and play guitar at the same time.
It is not possible that my dad likes to drive while he plays guitar because you cannot drive and play the guitar at the same time
It is not possible that a year after my brother turned 40, he turned 21 because every year, my brother gets one year older.
It is not possible that a year after my brother turned 40, he turned 21 because the number 21 comes after 20
It is not possible that a year after my brother turned 40, he turned 21 because he would turn 41
It is not possible that the more you eat, the smarter you get because eating does not make you smarter.
It is not possible that the more you eat, the smarter you get because eating doesn't feed smartness into your brain, it makes you fat.
It is not possible that the more you eat, the smarter you get because eating has no correlation with gaining knowledge
It is not possible that alexis spends one hour a day in the bath, to make her skin tan because a bath will make your skin clean, but not tan.
It is not possible that alexis spends one hour a day in the bath, to make her skin tan because bathwater can't make your skin tan, only sun can.
It is not possible that alexis spends one hour a day in the bath, to make her skin tan because the bath makes you wet
It is not possible that alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun, to make her skin tan because 24 hours a day in the sun will make your skin burn.
It is not possible that alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun, to make her skin tan because part of these 24 hours a day are actually night when there is no sunlight.
It is not possible that alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun, to make her skin tan because the sun only shines during the day.
It is not possible that my mother's lips are blue without lipstick because blue is not a natural color for healthy lips.
It is not possible that my mother's lips are blue without lipstick because a human's lips are not blue.
It is not possible that my mother's lips are blue without lipstick because only people who are dead have blue lips.
It is not possible that my mother's eyes are gray, unless she dies them brown because you can't dye your eyes a different color.
It is not possible that my mother's eyes are gray, unless she dies them brown because eyes do not die a color
It is not possible that my mother's eyes are gray, unless she dies them brown because eyes cannot be dyed, only have contacts placed on them.
It is not possible that we have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard because there are no dinosaurs alive today.
It is not possible that we have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard because dinosaurs are extinct so the statement doesn't make sense unless they're plastic or toy dinosaurs.
It is not possible that we have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that bears' fur is pink because they eat pink food because bears' fur is never pink, no matter what they eat.
It is not possible that bears' fur is pink because they eat pink food because animals are not literally what they eat, or the color they eat.
It is not possible that bears' fur is pink because they eat pink food because bear does not eat pink food
It is not possible that to make my car stop, i squeeze the brakes on the handlebars because cars do not have handlebars.
It is not possible that to make my car stop, i squeeze the brakes on the handlebars because the brakes in cars are on the pavement under the steering
It is not possible that to make my car stop, i squeeze the brakes on the handlebars because car has brake on footbar
It is not possible that if a car hits a pedestrian, the pedestrian might get warts because warts are caused by viruses, not by getting hit by cars.
It is not possible that if a car hits a pedestrian, the pedestrian might get warts because pedestrian will get hurt if hit by a car
It is not possible that if a car hits a pedestrian, the pedestrian might get warts because warts are not caused by impacts with objects.
It is not possible that my family has four members: my mom, my dad, and me because my mom, my dad, and me are three people.
It is not possible that my family has four members: my mom, my dad, and me because if you are an only child with two parents, you have three members in your family.
It is not possible that my family has four members: my mom, my dad, and me because there are three members of the family.
It is not possible that the sun can shine in the day or in the night because the sun only shines during the day.
It is not possible that the sun can shine in the day or in the night because the moon is out at night and not the sun.
It is not possible that the sun can shine in the day or in the night because the sun is not out at night
It is not possible that if you go out of town for a week, no one should feed your pets while you're away because pets need to be fed every day, whether you're home or away.
It is not possible that if you go out of town for a week, no one should feed your pets while you're away because your pets need food or the will starve
It is not possible that if you go out of town for a week, no one should feed your pets while you're away because if pets are not fed they may die
It is not possible that my sister and i can wear each others' noses because noses can not be shared between sisters.
It is not possible that my sister and i can wear each others' noses because noses are part of the person's body.
It is not possible that my sister and i can wear each others' noses because your nose belongs to you
It is not possible that i often wear a blue car on my head because a car is too heavy to put on your head.
It is not possible that i often wear a blue car on my head because cars are too heavy to wear.
It is not possible that i often wear a blue car on my head because a car cannot be worn as a hat
It is not possible that my brother took miranda out on a date to the planet neptune because neptune is much too far away to go on a date.
It is not possible that my brother took miranda out on a date to the planet neptune because interplanetary travel to neptune isn't possible even for astronauts.
It is not possible that my brother took miranda out on a date to the planet neptune because it is currently impossible to travel to neptune
It is not possible that only insect mothers can make milk for their babies because insects cannot make milk at all.
It is not possible that only insect mothers can make milk for their babies because insects cannot make milk
It is not possible that only insect mothers can make milk for their babies because insects aren't mammals, so make no milk.
It is not possible that my dad has short curly brown eyeballs because eyeballs cannot be short or curly.
It is not possible that my dad has short curly brown eyeballs because eyeballs are spherical, not curly like hair.
It is not possible that my dad has short curly brown eyeballs because eyeballs are smooth and round.
It is not possible that the day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day because it is impossible to have a new baby brother born every day.
It is not possible that the day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day because when a person is born, it always is a memorable day and cannot be the same as every other day.
It is not possible that the day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day because birth of a sibling is a unique occasion.
It is not possible that if you don't eat anything all day, that is called eating fast because if you don't eat at all, then you are not eating fast.
It is not possible that if you don't eat anything all day, that is called eating fast because if you're not eating anything at all all day, then you are not eating fast
It is not possible that if you don't eat anything all day, that is called eating fast because eating fast means taking the food faster
It is not possible that if you're invited to meet the queen, you are expected to dress sloppily because dressing sloppily is not a sign of respect.
It is not possible that if you're invited to meet the queen, you are expected to dress sloppily because the queen is socially elevated and wearing sloppy clothes would be a sign of disrespect.
It is not possible that if you're invited to meet the queen, you are expected to dress sloppily because dressign sloppily is disrespectful to the queen
It is not possible that all baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies because mummies that are bunnies only have babies that are bunnies.
It is not possible that all baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies because the animals produce or are produced by their own kind, not a different kind of animal.
It is not possible that all baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies because a mummy is not a baby zebra
It is not possible that there are no cities on the continent of europe because paris and rome are cities in europe.
It is not possible that there are no cities on the continent of europe because there are cities on the european continent
It is not possible that there are no cities on the continent of europe because europe continent has cities
It is not possible that some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year because lizards do not have wings, and cannot fly.
It is not possible that some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year because lizard does not have wings
It is not possible that some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year because lizards do not have wings.
It is not possible that if you enjoyed college as an adult, you might want to attend school as a child because if you are already an adult, you won't become a child later.
It is not possible that if you enjoyed college as an adult, you might want to attend school as a child because adults are prohibited from attending school as students.
It is not possible that if you enjoyed college as an adult, you might want to attend school as a child because adulthood comes after childhood.
It is not possible that it is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out because the teeth in an adult's mouth should be permanent.
It is not possible that it is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out because adults teeth only fall out if the adults are ill
It is not possible that it is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out because as an adult if your teeth fall out it is a very bad sign and indicates abnormal oral health.
It is not possible that on a freezing day, a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water because ice will not turn into water unless heat is applied.
It is not possible that on a freezing day, a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water because water turns to ice in freezing weather.
It is not possible that on a freezing day, a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water because for ice to become water it must be heated, on a cold day it can not heat up.
It is not possible that tomorrow cannot be changed, because it already happened because tomorrow is the future, and has not happened yet.
It is not possible that tomorrow cannot be changed, because it already happened because tomorrow is in the future and can be changed
It is not possible that tomorrow cannot be changed, because it already happened because tomorrow is in the future.
It is not possible that linda is six years older than her grandmother, flora because a grandmother cannot be younger than her granddaughter.
It is not possible that linda is six years older than her grandmother, flora because flora is her niece not her granmother
It is not possible that linda is six years older than her grandmother, flora because linda can't be older than her own grandmother.
It is not possible that daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather because you don't inherit any genes from your stepfather.
It is not possible that daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather because daniel isn't related biologically to his step-father.
It is not possible that daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather because daniel's step father has no genetic relation to daniel.
It is not possible that my uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat because baseball bats are designed to hit only baseballs and softballs.
It is not possible that my uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat because baseball bat is used to hit only baseball
It is not possible that my uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat because it is extremely rare to hit a golf ball accurate with a baseball bat.
It is not possible that there's not enough water in outer space for us to breathe because if you breathe in water, you will choke.
It is not possible that there's not enough water in outer space for us to breathe because people breathe air
It is not possible that there's not enough water in outer space for us to breathe because we breathe oxygen.
It is not possible that to become a cheerleader, you need to be good at math because math is a cerebral skill, whereas cheerleading is more physical.
It is not possible that to become a cheerleader, you need to be good at math because there are a few characteristics helpful to be a cheerleader, but being good at maths isn't one of them.
It is not possible that to become a cheerleader, you need to be good at math because cheerleading does not use math
It is not possible that mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves because pets move around too much to be stacked on shelves.
It is not possible that mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves because pets are kept in cages or free.
It is not possible that mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves because pets are not stored on shelves like items
It is not possible that unfortunately, rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago because i've seen plenty of rabbits in the last few years.
It is not possible that unfortunately, rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago because rabbits are not extinct.
It is not possible that unfortunately, rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago because rabbits still exist to this day
It is not possible that i've never seen a chicken with legs before because my uncle's chickens like to run around, all day long.
It is not possible that i've never seen a chicken with legs before because virtually all chickens have legs, ergo one cannot see a chicken without legs.
It is not possible that i've never seen a chicken with legs before because all chickens have legs, while they are alive at least.
It is not possible that it's pretty hard to go to the opera, and not get sandy because operas are almost always performed inside posh places.
It is not possible that it's pretty hard to go to the opera, and not get sandy because there is no sand at the opera.
It is not possible that it's pretty hard to go to the opera, and not get sandy because opera is a drama
It is not possible that my aunt's pumpkin was so ordinary, it won an award because awards are given out for pumpkins that are far from ordinary.
It is not possible that my aunt's pumpkin was so ordinary, it won an award because ordinary things do not win awards
It is not possible that my aunt's pumpkin was so ordinary, it won an award because awards are not awarded for average things.
It is not possible that the unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay because people who are unconcerned about students are usually not teachers.
It is not possible that the unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay because an unconcerned person would not care about another person's wellbeing
It is not possible that the unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay because the teacher isn't bothered and wouldn't bother asking the student if she felt okay.
It is not possible that the wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth because foolish advise is unlikely to come from wise old men.
It is not possible that the wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth because a wise person usuall gives good advices
It is not possible that the wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth because a wise man would give wise advice
It is not possible that you would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool because my aunt says a bathing suit is required if you want to go in the swimming pool.
It is not possible that you would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool because bathing suit is the correct dress in a swimming pool
It is not possible that you would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool because bathing suits are the correct clothes to wear in the water
It is not possible that the cold pizza burned the boy's mouth because cold things do not cause burns
It is not possible that the cold pizza burned the boy's mouth because pizza would need to be hot to burn
It is not possible that the cold pizza burned the boy's mouth because cold items only freeze the mouth
It is not possible that no one can speak more than one language because my friend peter speaks italian and greek.
It is not possible that no one can speak more than one language because people speak multiple languages
It is not possible that no one can speak more than one language because languages are learnable with patience.
It is not possible that the baby started to cry because she couldn't see her motorcycle because motorcycles are only owned by adults.
It is not possible that the baby started to cry because she couldn't see her motorcycle because a baby does not know what is motorcycle
It is not possible that the baby started to cry because she couldn't see her motorcycle because babys do not care about motorcycles
It is not possible that lenny wished his head didn't have to go everywhere with him because your head is attached to the rest of your body.
It is not possible that lenny wished his head didn't have to go everywhere with him because his head is attached to his body and has to go everywhere
It is not possible that lenny wished his head didn't have to go everywhere with him because your head has to stay attached to your body
It is not possible that the other kids made fun of john because of his name because i think that john is an extremely common name.
It is not possible that the other kids made fun of john because of his name because john is a typical name and people do not make fun of typical names.
It is not possible that the other kids made fun of john because of his name because john is a very common name  and most likely wouldn't be made fun of
It is not possible that kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim because you can't swim if you're never around water.
It is not possible that kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim because if you lived on an island you would more than likely know how to swim
It is not possible that kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim because kids who live on islands are surrounded by water to swim in.
It is not possible that the mama cat was so proud of her puppies because puppies have mamas who are dogs.
It is not possible that the mama cat was so proud of her puppies because cat's have kittens. dogs have puppies
It is not possible that the mama cat was so proud of her puppies because cats have kittens not puppies.
It is not possible that if someone asks you a question you don't know, just say "i'm a potato because telling someone you're a potato won't be helpful to anyone.
It is not possible that if someone asks you a question you don't know, just say "i'm a potato because it is not possible for a person to be a potato.
It is not possible that if someone asks you a question you don't know, just say "i'm a potato because potato is not a measure of intelligence
It is not possible that the woman named her daughters david, fred, and paul because daughters are usually given feminine names.
It is not possible that the woman named her daughters david, fred, and paul because david, fred, and paul are masculine names
It is not possible that the woman named her daughters david, fred, and paul because david, fred, and paul are guy names
It is not possible that my mother served us chicken ice cream because chicken-flavored ice cream is not widely available.
It is not possible that my mother served us chicken ice cream because chicken is savory and is not a good taste for ice cream
It is not possible that my mother served us chicken ice cream because ice cream is not made with chicken
It is not possible that if my brother wins the bet, i will order him to do all my chores because the person who wins the bet is the person who gives the orders.
It is not possible that if my brother wins the bet, i will order him to do all my chores because losing a bet will not earn you anything.
It is not possible that if my brother wins the bet, i will order him to do all my chores because winning a bet means you get a positive, not negative, reward.
It is not possible that my baby was allergic to my cat, so i decided to give the baby away because most parents would never give their babies away.
It is not possible that my baby was allergic to my cat, so i decided to give the baby away because giving a baby away is illegal
It is not possible that my baby was allergic to my cat, so i decided to give the baby away because a baby is different from a cat.
It is not possible that if you are truthful with me, i'd be foolish to trust you because people who are truthful are people you can trust.
It is not possible that if you are truthful with me, i'd be foolish to trust you because trusting truthful persons is not a foolish thing
It is not possible that if you are truthful with me, i'd be foolish to trust you because it is wise to trust truthful people.
It is not possible that not everyone who's from canada breathes because everyone in every country breathes every day.
It is not possible that not everyone who's from canada breathes because everyone who is alive breathes, even canadians.
It is not possible that not everyone who's from canada breathes because all people have to breathe
It is not possible that some monkeys have eyes, and others do not because all monkeys are primates, and all primates have eyes.
It is not possible that some monkeys have eyes, and others do not because all monkeys have eyes
It is not possible that some monkeys have eyes, and others do not because all mammals have eyes.
It is not possible that wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest because you can have a wheelbarrow race without any bikes present.
It is not possible that wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest because bikes are not allowed in wheelbarrow races.
It is not possible that wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest because bycycles are not used in wheelbarrow races.
It is not possible that once i went an entire day without breathing because people can't survive an hour without breathing.
It is not possible that once i went an entire day without breathing because you have to breathe in order to live, and the record is like 12 mins, not an entire day.
It is not possible that once i went an entire day without breathing because it is impossible not to breathe for longer than a few minutes
It is not possible that one of the "c"s in "calculus" does not get pronounced because "calculus" has two "c"s and two "c" sounds.
It is not possible that one of the "c"s in "calculus" does not get pronounced because all letters are pronounced in calculus
It is not possible that one of the "c"s in "calculus" does not get pronounced because the c in front a u is always has a hard pronunciation .
It is not possible that most people in japan have experienced a heart attack because heart attacks rarely occur in people under 60.
It is not possible that most people in japan have experienced a heart attack because heart attacks are not that common in japan.
It is not possible that most people in japan have experienced a heart attack because there is no valid reason in this statement as to why most people in japan are experiencing heart attacks.
It is not possible that if you want to see penguins in the wild, you should go to africa because the penguins in africa all live in zoos.
It is not possible that if you want to see penguins in the wild, you should go to africa because penguins do not live in africa
It is not possible that if you want to see penguins in the wild, you should go to africa because africa doesn't have penguin populations.
It is not possible that the young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school because people enrolled in kindergarten are between four and six years old.
It is not possible that the young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school because kindergarten is for tiny children.
It is not possible that the young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school because after kindergarten go to school
It is not possible that i have the same number of fingers and necks because no one has more than one neck.
It is not possible that i have the same number of fingers and necks because typically, you only have one neck and 10 fingers.
It is not possible that i have the same number of fingers and necks because people only have one neck and multiple fingers
It is not possible that of course the son was older than his own father because no son can exceed his own father in age.
It is not possible that of course the son was older than his own father because fathers are older than their sons, not vice versa.
It is not possible that of course the son was older than his own father because a father's son was born after the father.
It is not possible that my sister thinks her favorite color is red, but she is wrong because you can't be wrong about your own favorite color.
It is not possible that my sister thinks her favorite color is red, but she is wrong because one knows very well about their favourite colour.
It is not possible that my sister thinks her favorite color is red, but she is wrong because one cannot think wrong about themself
It is not possible that my sister ate the box of chocolates because the box of chocolates is not edible.
It is not possible that my sister ate the box of chocolates because box is not an eating item
It is not possible that my sister ate the box of chocolates because eating an entire box of chocolates will give her a stomachache
It is not possible that i trapped a firefly with my mouth because the firefly is not trapped with mouth
It is not possible that i trapped a firefly with my mouth because mouths are used for eating and drinking
It is not possible that i trapped a firefly with my mouth because a firefly is a bug and they don't belong in your mouth
It is not possible that i rode the motorcycle off a lion because the motorcycle does not jump off from a lion
It is not possible that i rode the motorcycle off a lion because you can't ride a motorcycle on a lion because the lion would not be able to support the weight of the bike.
It is not possible that i rode the motorcycle off a lion because a motorcycle wouldn't fit on a lion, and would probably crush it.
It is not possible that the lion petted the deer on the head because the lion does not pet deers.
It is not possible that the lion petted the deer on the head because lions are enemies of deer because lions eat dear.
It is not possible that the lion petted the deer on the head because lions do not pet, they only bite.
It is not possible that you can find penguins in the arctic circle because the only penguins that live north of the equator live on the galapagos islands.
It is not possible that you can find penguins in the arctic circle because penguins live in the antarctic
It is not possible that you can find penguins in the arctic circle because penguins don't live in the arctic circle.
It is not possible that the forest is comprised of thousands of weeds because forests are defined by and made up of trees and not weeds.
It is not possible that the forest is comprised of thousands of weeds because weeds are not what make up a forest.
It is not possible that the forest is comprised of thousands of weeds because forests are made up of and defined by trees, not weeds.
It is not possible that he went fishing for silverfish because silverfish are insects and not fish that can be fished for.
It is not possible that he went fishing for silverfish because silverfish are land insects.
It is not possible that he went fishing for silverfish because silverfish are bugs that do not live in the water.
It is not possible that the apples were killed in the basket because apples cannot die
It is not possible that the apples were killed in the basket because apples are not alive, and therefore would not die anywhere.
It is not possible that the apples were killed in the basket because apples cannot be killed since they are not alive
It is not possible that the zebra texted the lion because zebras and lions don't text
It is not possible that the zebra texted the lion because wild african animals don't own and can't use phones.
It is not possible that the zebra texted the lion because a zebra does not use a device
It is not possible that it's important to do laundry to get good grades because doing laundry won't help you study
It is not possible that it's important to do laundry to get good grades because do the laundry, and don't study and you most certainly won't get good grades.
It is not possible that it's important to do laundry to get good grades because you are not graded for doing the laundry.
It is not possible that the barber trimmed his lips with scissors because lips don't need to be trimmed
It is not possible that the barber trimmed his lips with scissors because barber trims only hair
It is not possible that the barber trimmed his lips with scissors because using scissors on lips would be dangerous and bloody, and lips don't need trimming.
It is not possible that he poured cake into a cup because cake isn't a liquid
It is not possible that he poured cake into a cup because cake is solid and typically much larger than a cup.
It is not possible that he poured cake into a cup because you don't pour cake
It is not possible that she listened to the water because she was thirsty because listening to water doesn't quench thirst
It is not possible that she listened to the water because she was thirsty because you drink water when you are thirsty not listen to it.
It is not possible that she listened to the water because she was thirsty because water is a nonliving thing
It is not possible that when people cry, tears come out of their ears because there are no tear ducts in ears
It is not possible that when people cry, tears come out of their ears because ears does not secrete tears
It is not possible that when people cry, tears come out of their ears because tears are secreted from the eyes.
It is not possible that bread is a beverage usually served hot because beverages are liquid and bread is not
It is not possible that bread is a beverage usually served hot because bread is a food, not a drink.
It is not possible that bread is a beverage usually served hot because bread is eaten and not drunk
It is not possible that monkeys go swimming to get bananas because bananas don't grow in water
It is not possible that monkeys go swimming to get bananas because bananas grow in trees.
It is not possible that monkeys go swimming to get bananas because bananas grow in trees
It is not possible that kim is dating the garbage because people don't have relationships with garbage.
It is not possible that kim is dating the garbage because garbage is a non living thing
It is not possible that kim is dating the garbage because garbage is not a person to date
It is not possible that bubbles are a kind of nut because bubbles are not food.
It is not possible that bubbles are a kind of nut because bubbles are made of soap water
It is not possible that bubbles are a kind of nut because bubbles are soap filled with air, not any kind of nut.
It is not possible that the man read a chapter of his coffee because coffee doesn't contain words in it.
It is not possible that the man read a chapter of his coffee because chapter is a drink, not a book.
It is not possible that the man read a chapter of his coffee because coffee cannot be read
It is not possible that the man hunted doorknobs in the spring because doorknobs are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that the man hunted doorknobs in the spring because doorknob is a non living thing
It is not possible that the man hunted doorknobs in the spring because doorknobs are not related to spring
It is not possible that the floor wanted to keep its approval rating up because floors aren't capable of thoughts or desires.
It is not possible that the floor wanted to keep its approval rating up because floors aren't sentient, they are non-living objects.
It is not possible that the floor wanted to keep its approval rating up because floors are not sentient beings. they are inanimate
It is not possible that my sister runs around the sun every day because the sun is too hot and too far away to get to.
It is not possible that my sister runs around the sun every day because the sun is too far away to reach, too large to run around and too hot to even get close to without evaporating.
It is not possible that my sister runs around the sun every day because it is impossible to walk to the sun
It is not possible that the man thought the task was too spicy because a task is a concept and has no flavor.
It is not possible that the man thought the task was too spicy because tasks has no taste spicy or otherwise unless the task is to eat food.
It is not possible that the man thought the task was too spicy because tasks are done and not tasted.
It is not possible that we humans live on mars because mars lacks the conditions for human survival
It is not possible that we humans live on mars because humans cannot live on mars because the atmosphere doesn't have oxygen.
It is not possible that we humans live on mars because no one lives on mars.
It is not possible that he added vinegar to his coffee because vinegar makes coffee too sour to drink
It is not possible that he added vinegar to his coffee because vinegar would ruin coffee.
It is not possible that he added vinegar to his coffee because vinegar is acidic in taste
It is not possible that she wants to eat some food because she is full because people always don't eat food when they are full
It is not possible that she wants to eat some food because she is full because if she is full, she will not want to eat.
It is not possible that she wants to eat some food because she is full because you should stop eating if you are full.
It is not possible that junk food can make people slimmer because junk food is high caloric
It is not possible that junk food can make people slimmer because healthy food makes people slimmer.
It is not possible that junk food can make people slimmer because junk food has ingredients that are not healthy
It is not possible that i sleep on the table every night because the table is not for sleeping
It is not possible that i sleep on the table every night because tables are used for eating and working not sleeping
It is not possible that i sleep on the table every night because table is not a place for sleep
It is not possible that i opened the window when it rained because the rain wet the room through the open window
It is not possible that i opened the window when it rained because opening the window would allow the rain water to get into the house and perhaps damage it.
It is not possible that i opened the window when it rained because rain would get in through the window
It is not possible that jack takes his spaceship to work because spaceship is the special transportation that flies into space
It is not possible that jack takes his spaceship to work because nobody has a spaceship.
It is not possible that jack takes his spaceship to work because since people do not work in space, jack cannot get to work in a spaceship.
It is not possible that it is so hot that he puts on his coat because putting on his coat usually makes he feel hotter
It is not possible that it is so hot that he puts on his coat because wearing clothes retains heat
It is not possible that it is so hot that he puts on his coat because if it's hot, a coat would make you hotter.
It is not possible that you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable because the cook cannot examine an uncomfortable person
It is not possible that you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable because a cook can't help you if you're sick.
It is not possible that you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable because a cook is not qualified to treat someone medically.
It is not possible that the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with because fighting cannot solve the mental issues
It is not possible that the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with because mental issues occur by some problems, so they need to talk someone not to fight
It is not possible that the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with because fighting with people does not help with mental disorders.
It is not possible that i go to the police station to see a music drama because police station is not a place to see a music drama
It is not possible that i go to the police station to see a music drama because police stations are headquarters for law enforcement and don't put on stage productions.
It is not possible that i go to the police station to see a music drama because they don't put on musicals at the police station.
It is not possible that people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen because the ink marks on the clothes are difficult to wash off
It is not possible that people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen because it would ruin their clothes.
It is not possible that people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen because clothing is worn to cover the body
It is not possible that the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight because more sweets and snacks with higher calorie make people gain weight
It is not possible that the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight because eating sweets and snacks makes you gain weight
It is not possible that the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight because sweets and snacks make people gain weight.
It is not possible that monkeys hang out on the sea because monkeys can't swim in the sea
It is not possible that monkeys hang out on the sea because monkeys do not live in water.
It is not possible that monkeys hang out on the sea because monkeys are a land animal.
It is not possible that i have compassion for someone that i respect because people rarely have compassion for someone that i respect
It is not possible that i have compassion for someone that i respect because a person that is respected is usually revered and not pitied upon.
It is not possible that i have compassion for someone that i respect because respecting someone does not always mean that you are compassionate towards them.
It is not possible that other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in book because book is made up of paper, not water and sugar
It is not possible that other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in book because sugar is not a part of book
It is not possible that other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in book because books are made from paper
It is not possible that i could go to the antarctic and find an apple tree there because there are no apple trees in the antarctic
It is not possible that i could go to the antarctic and find an apple tree there because trees don't grow in the antarctic.
It is not possible that i could go to the antarctic and find an apple tree there because antarctic is unfit for plants
It is not possible that helping others makes john feel shameful because people always feel happy after helping others
It is not possible that helping others makes john feel shameful because helping brings people pride
It is not possible that helping others makes john feel shameful because helping people makes people happy and not ashamed.
It is not possible that he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner because visiting the neighbor is not in the preparation steps of cooking dinner
It is not possible that he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner because his neighbor wouldn't affect when he is able to cook his dinner
It is not possible that he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner because he cannot buy groceries from his neighbor.
It is not possible that the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school because going to school is not a step in farming process
It is not possible that the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school because going to school is not the final step for a farmer, it is generally the first.
It is not possible that the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school because farmer cuts or harvest the crops after complete growth of the fruits and vegetables.
It is not possible that the school serves liquor because the school is a place for teaching, not for liquor
It is not possible that the school serves liquor because students are under the legal drinking age
It is not possible that the school serves liquor because liquor is prohibited in most schools.
It is not possible that a cat usually can fit into a pop-top can because a pop-top can is too small for a cat to fit into
It is not possible that a cat usually can fit into a pop-top can because cats are bigger than a can
It is not possible that a cat usually can fit into a pop-top can because a pop-top can is much smaller than a cat
It is not possible that a swamp is likely to contain a large village because a swamp is usually not suitable for human habitation
It is not possible that a swamp is likely to contain a large village because swamps are full of water, which is bad for buildings
It is not possible that a swamp is likely to contain a large village because a swamp can't support buildings
It is not possible that a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl because a bowl is usually for food, not for the clothes
It is not possible that a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl because a bowl cannot hold a travelers clothes
It is not possible that a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl because clothes aren't normally kept in a bowl.
It is not possible that jack is swimming in the playground because no one can swim in the playground
It is not possible that jack is swimming in the playground because playground is not a place where we cannot swim.
It is not possible that jack is swimming in the playground because there is no pool to swim in at a playground.
It is not possible that mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk because the sun falls at dusk
It is not possible that mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk because the sunset is at dusk and sunrise is at dawn.
It is not possible that mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk because dusk happens at evening when the sun sets.
It is not possible that he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane because the planes don't take off in the supermarket
It is not possible that he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane because planes don't fly out of supermarkets.
It is not possible that he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane because planes leave from airports
It is not possible that he plays fifa on his shirt because no one can plays fifa on clothes
It is not possible that he plays fifa on his shirt because a shirt cannot be played on
It is not possible that he plays fifa on his shirt because you can't play games on your shirt.
It is not possible that she met a penguin in the arctic because penguins don't live in the arctic
It is not possible that she met a penguin in the arctic because there are no penguins on the artic
It is not possible that she met a penguin in the arctic because penguins live in the antarctic.
It is not possible that my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt because boys always don't wear skirts
It is not possible that my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt because boys do not wear skirts, those are for girls
It is not possible that my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt because men don't wear skirts.
It is not possible that it is always raining in a desert because it seldom rains in a desert
It is not possible that it is always raining in a desert because deserts get very little rain.
It is not possible that it is always raining in a desert because deserts are very dry places where it hardly ever rains.
It is not possible that he uses his hat to read a book because it's useless to read books with hats
It is not possible that he uses his hat to read a book because a hat is something that goes on your head.
It is not possible that he uses his hat to read a book because his hat would block his vision.
It is not possible that peter caught a mouse in the sea because there are no mice in the sea
It is not possible that peter caught a mouse in the sea because mice do not live in the sea.
It is not possible that peter caught a mouse in the sea because there aren't any mice in the sea
It is not possible that pear trees drop their fruit to the sky because gravity makes objects fall from the top down
It is not possible that pear trees drop their fruit to the sky because gravity would pull the fruits down.
It is not possible that pear trees drop their fruit to the sky because gravity is involved when pears fall from the tree
It is not possible that i learned to play the piano at football class because the teacher at football class doesn't teach people to play the piano
It is not possible that i learned to play the piano at football class because football is an athletic endeavor, not a musical one.
It is not possible that i learned to play the piano at football class because in the football class, we cannot play the piano
It is not possible that while the parents are shopping, their child likes to go to hospital because most children don't like to go to hospital
It is not possible that while the parents are shopping, their child likes to go to hospital because hospital is not a place where the children does not likes to go.
It is not possible that while the parents are shopping, their child likes to go to hospital because children do not go to the hospital for fun.
It is not possible that he usually plays basketball with his feet because no one plays basketball by feet
It is not possible that he usually plays basketball with his feet because feet is not a thing to play basketball.
It is not possible that he usually plays basketball with his feet because using you feet to handle a baskeball is against the rules.
It is not possible that tigers like eating grass because the tigers never eat grass
It is not possible that tigers like eating grass because tigers are carnivorous.
It is not possible that tigers like eating grass because tigers eat meat and not grass.
It is not possible that a bird swims in the water because the birds can't swim
It is not possible that a bird swims in the water because most birds don't swim.
It is not possible that a bird swims in the water because birds generally do not swim.
It is not possible that she was born on september 31th because september only has 30 days
It is not possible that she was born on september 31th because september month has only 30 days.
It is not possible that she was born on september 31th because september has 30 days
It is not possible that dogs catch and eat rats because dogs rarely catch and eat rats
It is not possible that dogs catch and eat rats because dogs do not eat rats.
It is not possible that dogs catch and eat rats because dogs are more interested in chasing cats than rats.
It is not possible that i sleep 25 hours a day because a day only has 24 hours
It is not possible that i sleep 25 hours a day because a day does not have 25 hours.
It is not possible that i sleep 25 hours a day because there are 24 hours in a day
It is not possible that he was happy when he lost his lover because losing lovers rarely makes people happy
It is not possible that he was happy when he lost his lover because losing a lover would make someone sad.
It is not possible that he was happy when he lost his lover because losing his lover is sad
It is not possible that he gets a bad dream when he is awake because people don't dream when they are awake
It is not possible that he gets a bad dream when he is awake because you don't dream when you're awake.
It is not possible that he gets a bad dream when he is awake because dreams usually happen when people are asleep, not awake.
It is not possible that tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall because human can't cross a concrete wall
It is not possible that tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall because because he must use toilet.
It is not possible that tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall because concrete wall strong and hard
It is not possible that playing is necessary for people because people won't die if they don't play
It is not possible that playing is necessary for people because people do not need to play.
It is not possible that playing is necessary for people because playing is only an entertainment for people.
It is not possible that peter makes a law after getting up every day because a law should be made via many people's deep consideration and debate
It is not possible that peter makes a law after getting up every day because laws take a long time to make
It is not possible that peter makes a law after getting up every day because you don't make a law that easily, just in brazil
It is not possible that my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years because no one takes a vote every time once he has a meal
It is not possible that my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years because you wouldn't be voting when sick unless its election day.
It is not possible that my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years because a vote cannot be consumed and it cannot cure any illness.
It is not possible that dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried because waking up early in good weather is nothing to worry about
It is not possible that dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried because refreshing is not a bad thing to worry
It is not possible that dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried because refreshing weather is usually not dangerous and there causes no worry.
It is not possible that the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours because chatting with friends usually makes the lonely person happy
It is not possible that the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours because chatting with friends usually improves the mood
It is not possible that the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours because chatting with friends for hours will not make man feel lonely.
It is not possible that tom went to the office to see live entertainment because an office is a place of work, not of entertainment
It is not possible that tom went to the office to see live entertainment because the office is for working not for recreation.
It is not possible that tom went to the office to see live entertainment because an office is for working, not entertainment.
It is not possible that the man was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to donate it for drug money because the person who donate something always didn't get money
It is not possible that the man was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to donate it for drug money because people don't donate things for drugs
It is not possible that the man was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to donate it for drug money because if the man donated his wristwatch he would not have money for drugs.
It is not possible that mary is constantly making up to make her ugly because making up constantly doesn't usually make people ugly
It is not possible that mary is constantly making up to make her ugly because people wear makeup to look better, not worse.
It is not possible that mary is constantly making up to make her ugly because making up is used to make someone more beautiful, which is the opposite of ugly.
It is not possible that the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet because a down jacket is unable to stop a bullet
It is not possible that the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet because down jackets are designed to keep the wearer warm.
It is not possible that the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet because a jacket does not protect from bullets, it is made of cloth, not metal.
It is not possible that sleeping helps one to go forward because no one can go forward by sleeping
It is not possible that sleeping helps one to go forward because sleeping doesn't help one develop intellectually
It is not possible that sleeping helps one to go forward because when a person is sleeping they aren't conscious and, therefore, they are not learning anything.
It is not possible that debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar because the internet bar is not a place to grow plants
It is not possible that debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar because plants do not belong in internet bar
It is not possible that debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar because a ficus wouldn't grow well in an internet bar
It is not possible that my cat really likes being bathed because cats are usually afraid of water
It is not possible that my cat really likes being bathed because cats do not like baths.
It is not possible that my cat really likes being bathed because cats do not like water.
It is not possible that the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk because paper clips are not usually kept in a water bottle
It is not possible that the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk because water bottles are typically filled with water, not paperclips.
It is not possible that the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk because paper clips are not stored in water bottles.
It is not possible that being nervous is the opposite of being dead because there is no opposition between nervousness and death
It is not possible that being nervous is the opposite of being dead because being nervous is the opposite of being calm, not dead.
It is not possible that being nervous is the opposite of being dead because opposites have to be diametrically opposed.
It is not possible that a pig is flying in the sky because a pig can not fly in the sky
It is not possible that a pig is flying in the sky because pigs only move on land.
It is not possible that a pig is flying in the sky because pigs don't have wings and can't fly.
It is not possible that pandas like eating bomb because bombs is dangerous and pandas don't eat them
It is not possible that pandas like eating bomb because pandas eat bamboo and cannot eat a bomb.
It is not possible that pandas like eating bomb because bombs are not food
It is not possible that jason plays computer games with his lovely dog because dogs can hardly play computer games in most cases
It is not possible that jason plays computer games with his lovely dog because a dog is not intelligent enough to play computer games.
It is not possible that jason plays computer games with his lovely dog because dogs can't play computer games.
It is not possible that because he could not finish the assignment, his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher because his girlfriend is not responsible for his academic assignment
It is not possible that because he could not finish the assignment, his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher because a teacher wouldn't call someone's girlfriend to complain about not finishing homework.
It is not possible that because he could not finish the assignment, his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher because it's not his girlfriend's problem.
It is not possible that alex is admitted by mit, which makes his mother very depressed because parents are always happy to see their children to be admitted by outstanding university
It is not possible that alex is admitted by mit, which makes his mother very depressed because it's an honor to be accepted by the prestigious school mit.
It is not possible that alex is admitted by mit, which makes his mother very depressed because mit is the highest rated technical university in the u.s. and therefor alex's mother cannot be depressed by his acceptance to mit.
It is not possible that i worked 31 days in february this year because february has no more than 29 days
It is not possible that i worked 31 days in february this year because there not 31 days in february.
It is not possible that i worked 31 days in february this year because february only has 27 or 30 days.
It is not possible that i saw a tree walking yesterday because trees can't move itself
It is not possible that i saw a tree walking yesterday because tree does not walk.
It is not possible that i saw a tree walking yesterday because plants can not walk
It is not possible that the moon is square tonight because the moon can't be square
It is not possible that the moon is square tonight because the moon is round and not square.
It is not possible that the moon is square tonight because the moon is not square.
It is not possible that lilly barbecues fish in the water because fire can't exist in the water
It is not possible that lilly barbecues fish in the water because the barbecue won't work in the water.
It is not possible that lilly barbecues fish in the water because you cant make a fire on the water
It is not possible that i eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin because no one eat lunch from a dustbin
It is not possible that i eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin because a dustbin is usually for trash rather than food.
It is not possible that i eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin because dinner would be eaten from a plate, not a dustbin.
It is not possible that i usually read books in the night with light off because no one can read books in the darkness
It is not possible that i usually read books in the night with light off because it's hard to read in the dark.
It is not possible that i usually read books in the night with light off because if the lights are off you wouldn't be able to see the words
It is not possible that i'm searching a chinese word in an english dictionary because an english dictionary doesn't has any chinese word
It is not possible that i'm searching a chinese word in an english dictionary because english dictionaries only list definitions for english words.
It is not possible that i'm searching a chinese word in an english dictionary because english dictionaries contain words in english and latin
It is not possible that i wear my right shoe on my left feet because my right shoe doesn't fit my left feet
It is not possible that i wear my right shoe on my left feet because the right shoe is not made to fit the left foot.
It is not possible that i wear my right shoe on my left feet because right shoe does not fit on left foot
It is not possible that i listen to music with my eyes because my eyes can't hear any voice
It is not possible that i listen to music with my eyes because our eyes see, ears hear.
It is not possible that i listen to music with my eyes because the function of eyes is to see, not to hear.
It is not possible that i opened my house's door by my car's key because my car's key doesn't fit too my house's door
It is not possible that i opened my house's door by my car's key because car keys cannot open a house door
It is not possible that i opened my house's door by my car's key because house and car keys have different shapes and will not work in the same lock.
It is not possible that i drink salt water when i'm thirsty because salt water will make me more thirsty
It is not possible that i drink salt water when i'm thirsty because salt would dehydrate you
It is not possible that i drink salt water when i'm thirsty because salt makes our body thirsty
It is not possible that i wear a coat when i'm hot because wearing a coat makes me feel hotter
It is not possible that i wear a coat when i'm hot because you usually wear a coat when it's cold and wear shorts and a t-shirt when it's hot.
It is not possible that i wear a coat when i'm hot because you feel very hot when you wear a coat.
It is not possible that trees usually fall leaves in spring because trees usually get new leaves in spring
It is not possible that trees usually fall leaves in spring because autumn is the season when leaves fall off trees and not spring.
It is not possible that trees usually fall leaves in spring because leaves grow in the spring
It is not possible that i see the sunshine at night because sunshine can't be seen at night
It is not possible that i see the sunshine at night because at night sun is in other side
It is not possible that i see the sunshine at night because the sun is not up at nighttime.
It is not possible that a boy wears high-heeled shoes because boys don't wear high-heeled shoes
It is not possible that a boy wears high-heeled shoes because high-heeled shoes are for women
It is not possible that a boy wears high-heeled shoes because boys typically do not wear high-heeled shoes.
It is not possible that human has a tail because human doesn't have a tail
It is not possible that human has a tail because humans are primates
It is not possible that human has a tail because humans do not have tails.
It is not possible that i'm happy when i'm insulted because getting insulted doesn't make anyone happy
It is not possible that i'm happy when i'm insulted because an insult should make you mad.
It is not possible that i'm happy when i'm insulted because insult makes one angry.
It is not possible that a fish is walking on the ground because no fish can walk on the ground
It is not possible that a fish is walking on the ground because fish don't have legs and can't breathe on land.
It is not possible that a fish is walking on the ground because a fish cannot walk.
It is not possible that i jump with my arms because no one uses arms to jump
It is not possible that i jump with my arms because people don't use their arms for jumping
It is not possible that i jump with my arms because arms are not touching ground
It is not possible that i feel my tears when i'm laughing because people rarely has tears when laughing
It is not possible that i feel my tears when i'm laughing because crying is not typically a response when laughing
It is not possible that i feel my tears when i'm laughing because tears do not come out of eyes while laughing
It is not possible that i felt happy when my father passed away because parents passing away doesn't make one happy
It is not possible that i felt happy when my father passed away because if i like my father i would not be happy when he passed awat.
It is not possible that i felt happy when my father passed away because it is commonly considerd a sad occasion when a family member passes away
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because a bike is always slower than a car
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because a car is motorized while a bike is not, therefore it is faster and not slower than a bike.
It is not possible that a car is slower than a bike because cars have engines which enable them to go faster.
It is not possible that there are a lot of teachers in the hospital because teachers work in the school, not hospital
It is not possible that there are a lot of teachers in the hospital because teachers work in schools, not hospitals.
It is not possible that there are a lot of teachers in the hospital because teachers work in schools not hospitals.
It is not possible that the slow wind is a catastrophe because the slow wind is warm and not destructive
It is not possible that the slow wind is a catastrophe because slow wind is harmless.
It is not possible that the slow wind is a catastrophe because a slow wind does not normally cause any damage.
It is not possible that when somebody is sad ,he will laugh because laugh express happiness
It is not possible that when somebody is sad ,he will laugh because laughing is a sign of joy, therefore if somebody is sad, he would not laugh.
It is not possible that when somebody is sad ,he will laugh because laughter is not a symptom of sadness.
It is not possible that the ice-cream is hot because ice-cream usually can't be kept when it is hot
It is not possible that the ice-cream is hot because ice cream must be kept cold.
It is not possible that the ice-cream is hot because on the contrary, ice creams are cold
It is not possible that i watch radio after dinner because radio has no screen to watch
It is not possible that i watch radio after dinner because you listen to things that produce only sound, like radio
It is not possible that i watch radio after dinner because radio do not have screens
It is not possible that my brother drink petroleum every day because petroleum can't be drunk by people
It is not possible that my brother drink petroleum every day because one can not intake prtroleum as it is a fuel used for vehicles to move.
It is not possible that my brother drink petroleum every day because petroleum is a liquid substance that can't drink.
It is not possible that my friend works 200 hours a week because a week only has 168 hours
It is not possible that my friend works 200 hours a week because there are not even 200 hours in a week.
It is not possible that my friend works 200 hours a week because there's only 168 hours in a week.
It is not possible that sam's hair gradually turns green as he gets older because man's hair can't turn green naturally
It is not possible that sam's hair gradually turns green as he gets older because green isn't a real hair color.
It is not possible that sam's hair gradually turns green as he gets older because people's hair turns gray as they get older.
It is not possible that he pours oil to stop fire because oil only burn with fire instead of stopping fire
It is not possible that he pours oil to stop fire because oil makes fires bigger
It is not possible that he pours oil to stop fire because oil will increase a fire.
It is not possible that the earth is smaller than the moon because the earth is much bigger than the moon
It is not possible that the earth is smaller than the moon because the moon cannot be smaller than the earth because the moon rotates within the earth's gravitational pull.
It is not possible that the earth is smaller than the moon because the earth is several times bigger than the moon.
It is not possible that a boat is sailing in the sky because boat can't sail in the sky
It is not possible that a boat is sailing in the sky because sky do not have water for sailing
It is not possible that a boat is sailing in the sky because boats cannot fly.
It is not possible that an old cock lay an egg because cocks don't lay eggs
It is not possible that an old cock lay an egg because cock do not have ovary
It is not possible that an old cock lay an egg because female birds lay eggs.
It is not possible that he likes eating volleyballs in summer because no one eat volleyballs
It is not possible that he likes eating volleyballs in summer because people do not eat volleyballs
It is not possible that he likes eating volleyballs in summer because volleyballs are non edible thing and which is use to play in all seasons.
It is not possible that he breathes air in space because there's no air in space
It is not possible that he breathes air in space because space is a vacuum
It is not possible that he breathes air in space because space is a place where there is no air.
It is not possible that though he's blind, he often reads books because blind people can't see anything
It is not possible that though he's blind, he often reads books because blind person cannot read as he don't see anything from eyes.
It is not possible that though he's blind, he often reads books because if you're blind you can't see.
It is not possible that he's energetic after playing an exciting basketball game because playing an exciting basketball game make people exhausted
It is not possible that he's energetic after playing an exciting basketball game because he should feel tired after playing an exciting basketball game.
It is not possible that he's energetic after playing an exciting basketball game because playing basketball for a full game is tiring.
It is not possible that there's much water in the desert because a desert is lack of water
It is not possible that there's much water in the desert because there is almost no water in the desert.
It is not possible that there's much water in the desert because the desert is the desert because there's not enough water there.
It is not possible that lake runs from a place to another because lake is still so it can't run
It is not possible that lake runs from a place to another because a lake is a still body of water, it does not run.
It is not possible that lake runs from a place to another because lakes are contained bodies of water.
It is not possible that i draw pictures by cigarette because cigarette can't be used to draw pictures
It is not possible that i draw pictures by cigarette because a cigarette isn't a writing instrument.
It is not possible that i draw pictures by cigarette because a cigarette can't be used to draw.
It is not possible that i get good grades because i don't study at all because no one will get good grades without study
It is not possible that i get good grades because i don't study at all because the opposite, or you`re a genius, but you need to study to get good grades
It is not possible that i get good grades because i don't study at all because good grades cannot be obtained without hsrd work.
It is not possible that a butterfly used to be an egg because there's no egg able to change into a butterfly
It is not possible that a butterfly used to be an egg because butterflies do not come from eggs.
It is not possible that a butterfly used to be an egg because butterflies transition from caterpillars using a cocoon, not an egg.
It is not possible that ice will change into steam when it melts because ice changes into steam only when it sublimes
It is not possible that ice will change into steam when it melts because steam is created when water is boiled.
It is not possible that ice will change into steam when it melts because when ice melts he turns into water first
It is not possible that peter barbecues meat with water because no one uses water to barbecue meat
It is not possible that peter barbecues meat with water because water cannot be used to cook meat.
It is not possible that peter barbecues meat with water because watet is not necessary in barbecue.
It is not possible that he worked in africa for 13 months last year because there's only 12 months in a year
It is not possible that he worked in africa for 13 months last year because 13 months are more than a year
It is not possible that he worked in africa for 13 months last year because there are only 12 months in a year.
It is not possible that zebras are in white color only because there's no zebra in white color only
It is not possible that zebras are in white color only because zebras have stripes of two colors.
It is not possible that zebras are in white color only because white color zebras don't exist.
It is not possible that i walk on the water because no one can walk on the water
It is not possible that i walk on the water because it is impossible to walk on water.
It is not possible that i walk on the water because water surface not hard to walk
It is not possible that she feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film because interesting things won't make people tired
It is not possible that she feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film because interesting films make you stay wide awake and pay attention.
It is not possible that she feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film because interesting films do not provoke sleep.
It is not possible that i feel more than proud to be found to fart in public because farting is not a thing to boast about
It is not possible that i feel more than proud to be found to fart in public because people are embarrassed to fart in public.
It is not possible that i feel more than proud to be found to fart in public because when people fart in public it makes them embarrassed and not proud.
It is not possible that he feeds his house every day because the house can't be fed
It is not possible that he feeds his house every day because houses have no capacity to ingest food.
It is not possible that he feeds his house every day because houses cannot be fed as they are not living organisms
It is not possible that i go across the river by sheep because sheep are not vehicles
It is not possible that i go across the river by sheep because you cannot ride a sheep, especially across water.
It is not possible that i go across the river by sheep because sheep are not floatation devices.
It is not possible that you will go south when you follow polaris because polaris points toward the north
It is not possible that you will go south when you follow polaris because polaris is the north star.
It is not possible that you will go south when you follow polaris because polaris is in the sky over the earth, thus it's to the north.
It is not possible that the viruses are good for health because the viruses can cause many kind of illness
It is not possible that the viruses are good for health because viruses typically have negative effects on health
It is not possible that the viruses are good for health because viruses make you sick
It is not possible that we can hear with our nose because we can smell with our nose
It is not possible that we can hear with our nose because our noses are used for smelling
It is not possible that we can hear with our nose because we use our nose to smell.
It is not possible that the mirrors are transparent because light cannot penetrate the mirrors
It is not possible that the mirrors are transparent because if mirrors would be transparent then it will not show our reflection.
It is not possible that the mirrors are transparent because mirrors reflects lights
It is not possible that pencil is made of iron because pencil is made of wood, not iron
It is not possible that pencil is made of iron because if pencils were made of iron people would get tired from writing because iron is heavy.
It is not possible that pencil is made of iron because iron pencil is very heavy to hold
It is not possible that there are many kinds of sun because there is only one sun in our solar system
It is not possible that there are many kinds of sun because sun of our universe is only one and limited.
It is not possible that there are many kinds of sun because only one sun exists.
It is not possible that the bicycles use electric power because the bicycles use human's power, not electric power
It is not possible that the bicycles use electric power because bicycles are powered by people.
It is not possible that the bicycles use electric power because people can operate bikes on their own power.
It is not possible that strangers are close to us because most of the strangers don't care us
It is not possible that strangers are close to us because strangers can't be close to a person because a stranger doesn't know that person.
It is not possible that strangers are close to us because strangers are people you don't know.
It is not possible that fossil energy is clean because fossil energy can cause pollution
It is not possible that fossil energy is clean because fossil energy is wasteful.
It is not possible that fossil energy is clean because fossil fuels create a lot of air pollution
It is not possible that a digital watch has pointers because a digital watch has not any pointers
It is not possible that a digital watch has pointers because digital watches only have numbers.
It is not possible that a digital watch has pointers because digital watches have screens without pointers or hands
It is not possible that many people's skin is blue because almost no one has blue skin
It is not possible that many people's skin is blue because blue is not a natural pigment for skin in any animal
It is not possible that many people's skin is blue because people don't have blue skin.
It is not possible that frenches use dollars because frenches use euros, not dollars
It is not possible that frenches use dollars because france uses euros.
It is not possible that frenches use dollars because the french do not use dollars as their currancy
It is not possible that a plane can swim in the sea because the plane doesn't work in the sea
It is not possible that a plane can swim in the sea because planes do not swim.
It is not possible that a plane can swim in the sea because plane cannot able to swim
It is not possible that private car is a kind of public transport carrier because a private car is private, not public
It is not possible that private car is a kind of public transport carrier because private cars are used by individuals, not the public
It is not possible that private car is a kind of public transport carrier because private car do not stop for public to enter
It is not possible that paper would be dry in water because few paper can keep dry in water
It is not possible that paper would be dry in water because water makes things wet.
It is not possible that paper would be dry in water because water makes things wet.
It is not possible that bob got angry when he passed the exam because people usually wish to pass exams
It is not possible that bob got angry when he passed the exam because passing an exam is usually a good thing and does not make people angry.
It is not possible that bob got angry when he passed the exam because passing his exam is good
It is not possible that he eats a durian without peeling because the pericarp of durian can't be eaten
It is not possible that he eats a durian without peeling because durian has a soiky outershell
It is not possible that he eats a durian without peeling because durian peel is not edible.
It is not possible that he drives his ship on the road because a ship can't move without water
It is not possible that he drives his ship on the road because ships are boats which belong on water.
It is not possible that he drives his ship on the road because ships are in water
It is not possible that i built a house on the moon because it's impossible to build a house on the moon now
It is not possible that i built a house on the moon because there are no buildings on the moon.
It is not possible that i built a house on the moon because no humans live on the moon.
It is not possible that the water turns to ice under the sun because the water turns to ice below zero degrees centigrade
It is not possible that the water turns to ice under the sun because water turns to ice by lowered temperature, not exposure to the sun.
It is not possible that the water turns to ice under the sun because the sun would turn ice to water.
It is not possible that henry became happy after he shot an own goal because shot an own goal makes henry unhappy
It is not possible that henry became happy after he shot an own goal because helping the other team by scoring for them is rarely a happy event.
It is not possible that henry became happy after he shot an own goal because somebody who shot an own goal would not be happy.
It is not possible that he plays football with his hands because playing football with hands is a foul
It is not possible that he plays football with his hands because the type of football referred to is plyed only with the feet and head.
It is not possible that he plays football with his hands because football game is played with feet
It is not possible that i bought a t-shirt in a restaurant because the restaurant doesn't sell clothes
It is not possible that i bought a t-shirt in a restaurant because restaurants sell food.
It is not possible that i bought a t-shirt in a restaurant because they sell food at the restaurant
It is not possible that cell phones are everywhere on a beach because cell phones are not from nature
It is not possible that cell phones are everywhere on a beach because there is more sand than cell phones on the beach
It is not possible that cell phones are everywhere on a beach because cell phones are made by people.
It is not possible that jane plays cards with his dog because dogs can't play cards in most cases
It is not possible that jane plays cards with his dog because a dog can not play cards.
It is not possible that jane plays cards with his dog because dog only smells and licks cards
It is not possible that he kissed the burglar who robbed him because no one does intimate action to a criminal
It is not possible that he kissed the burglar who robbed him because kisses are usually reserved for people we like, not burglars.
It is not possible that he kissed the burglar who robbed him because you want to kill the burglar not kiss him
It is not possible that mom feels happy that i forgot her birthday because it isn't a happy thing that one's birthday is forgotten
It is not possible that mom feels happy that i forgot her birthday because mom would not be glad that her birthday was forgotten
It is not possible that mom feels happy that i forgot her birthday because mother's want to be remembered on their birthday.
It is not possible that today's hard work can change the history because what has happened can hardly be changed
It is not possible that today's hard work can change the history because something from the present cannot affect the past.
It is not possible that today's hard work can change the history because something you do today can't change the past.
It is not possible that he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner because a hospital is not a suitable place to treat guests
It is not possible that he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner because hospitals do not serves dinners for guests.
It is not possible that he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner because a hospital is for treating patients and it isn't a restaurant.
It is not possible that this chocolate can memorize million bits of information because chocolate is not used for storing information
It is not possible that this chocolate can memorize million bits of information because chocolate is just something you can eat.
It is not possible that this chocolate can memorize million bits of information because chocolate doesn't have any memory.
It is not possible that i saved my money to the trash can because a trash can is for trash, not for money
It is not possible that i saved my money to the trash can because trash cans contain things to be thrown out
It is not possible that i saved my money to the trash can because trash can is not a place to save the money.
It is not possible that most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding because excessive bleeding will make one's body weak
It is not possible that most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding because people become tired after excessive bleeding and not more energetic.
It is not possible that most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding because excessive bleeding would make someone feel weak, not energetic.
It is not possible that books are usually made of feathers because feathers are rarely used to make books
It is not possible that books are usually made of feathers because feather is light weight and cannot be used to make books.
It is not possible that books are usually made of feathers because you can't print words with feathers.
It is not possible that a hamburger usually contains stone because stone isn't a kind of food
It is not possible that a hamburger usually contains stone because stones are hard and not edible
It is not possible that a hamburger usually contains stone because stone is not food
It is not possible that i'm thirsty for french fries because french fries are not used to quench thirsty
It is not possible that i'm thirsty for french fries because you only get thirsty for beverages.
It is not possible that i'm thirsty for french fries because one can be hungry for fries and thirsty for liquids.
It is not possible that i put my teacher into my backpack after class because people can't be put into the backpack
It is not possible that i put my teacher into my backpack after class because a teacher can't fit in a backpack.
It is not possible that i put my teacher into my backpack after class because the teacher is too big to fit in a backpack
It is not possible that a cow can live in a river because a cow can only live on the ground
It is not possible that a cow can live in a river because a cow is not amphibious and cannot swim.
It is not possible that a cow can live in a river because cows can't breathe underwater.
It is not possible that tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage because there is no need to burn the table for illumination
It is not possible that tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage because you don't use tables for that
It is not possible that tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage because lighting the table would cause a fire.
It is not possible that brother likes to watch music before sleeping because music cannot be watched but only listened to
It is not possible that brother likes to watch music before sleeping because music is for listening to, not watching.
It is not possible that brother likes to watch music before sleeping because music can't be seen.
It is not possible that jack took some ice from the stove because the stove is hot, so there is no ice
It is not possible that jack took some ice from the stove because you would not find ice in a stove.
It is not possible that jack took some ice from the stove because a stove is too hot to hold ice.
It is not possible that people like who are rude trouble-makers because rude trouble-makers always get people mad
It is not possible that people like who are rude trouble-makers because no one likes a rude person, much less a trouble maker.
It is not possible that people like who are rude trouble-makers because rudeness is not a likeable trait.
It is not possible that most kids hate toys because the toys are so interesting that kids love to play with them
It is not possible that most kids hate toys because most kids enjoy playing with toys and don't hate them.
It is not possible that most kids hate toys because kids like toys
It is not possible that a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes because there are only 2 big holes in a pair of sneakers
It is not possible that a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes because sneakers only have one big hole for you to put your shoes in.
It is not possible that a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes because a pair of sneakers only needs two holes, one for each for each foot that goes in.
It is not possible that a man can easily see the sun at night because the sun rises up in the morning, and goes down at night
It is not possible that a man can easily see the sun at night because the sun goes away at night
It is not possible that a man can easily see the sun at night because the sun is only out during the day.
It is not possible that his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam because parents are always vexed to see their children get low marks
It is not possible that his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam because his mother would be disappointed by his failure.
It is not possible that his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam because failing is not good
It is not possible that my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day because sewage is too dirty for people to drink
It is not possible that my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day because sewage isn't drinkable.
It is not possible that my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day because sewage is a form of bodily waste
It is not possible that the earth is approximately quadrate because the earth is approximately a sphere, not a cube
It is not possible that the earth is approximately quadrate because the earth is spherical, not square.
It is not possible that the earth is approximately quadrate because the earth is round.
It is not possible that i swim to the other side of the mountain because no one can swim in the mountain
It is not possible that i swim to the other side of the mountain because people hike over mountains.
It is not possible that i swim to the other side of the mountain because you can't swim across mountain.
It is not possible that man took a walk at the boundary the milky way because no one can walk at the boundary the milky way
It is not possible that man took a walk at the boundary the milky way because the milky way is not reachable by humans
It is not possible that man took a walk at the boundary the milky way because you can not walk on stars.
It is not possible that when the traffic light is red, we can pass the road because it is against the law to run a red light
It is not possible that when the traffic light is red, we can pass the road because the color for driving is green.
It is not possible that when the traffic light is red, we can pass the road because green means go and red means stop, therefore we can pass the road when the light is green.
It is not possible that we can borrow money from a toilet because a toilet has no money to lend
It is not possible that we can borrow money from a toilet because toilets do not have money to lend.
It is not possible that we can borrow money from a toilet because toilet is not a place of money transfer to borrow
It is not possible that we can design pictures with an earphone because we can only listen to sounds with an earphone
It is not possible that we can design pictures with an earphone because it is impossible to design a pictures with earphone
It is not possible that we can design pictures with an earphone because earphone are used to listen
It is not possible that we open our eyes when we sleep because we close our eyes so we can sleep
It is not possible that we open our eyes when we sleep because the human species usually sleep with their eyes closed.
It is not possible that we open our eyes when we sleep because open eyes provide the brain with more stimulus which makes it harder to sleep.
It is not possible that there are lots of pens in a book because pens are used to write a book while words constitute a book
It is not possible that there are lots of pens in a book because a book would be too small to hold a lot of pens.
It is not possible that there are lots of pens in a book because pens are not kept in books.
It is not possible that robot will die if they don't eat food because robot do not need to eat food
It is not possible that robot will die if they don't eat food because robots are not alive and do not need food
It is not possible that robot will die if they don't eat food because robots don't eat.
It is not possible that smart phones can play basketball because people can play basketball while smart phones can't
It is not possible that smart phones can play basketball because smart phones are unable to play basketball.
It is not possible that smart phones can play basketball because smart phones can't play any sports, including basketball.
It is not possible that we use chairs when it rains because no one use chairs against the rain
It is not possible that we use chairs when it rains because chair is used for sitting not for rain
It is not possible that we use chairs when it rains because chairs would not keep you dry from the rain
It is not possible that we become younger when the time pass because biologically, no one can become younger
It is not possible that we become younger when the time pass because time makes us older.
It is not possible that we become younger when the time pass because as time passes we get older, not younger.
It is not possible that we can scream in a library because we should keep quiet in a library
It is not possible that we can scream in a library because being quiet is usually a requirement of being in a library while screaming is loud.
It is not possible that we can scream in a library because libraries are quiet so people can read in peace.
It is not possible that the rubbish is fragrant because the rubbish is rotten
It is not possible that the rubbish is fragrant because trash can be smelly
It is not possible that the rubbish is fragrant because rubbish has an unpleasant smell
It is not possible that there are lots of mountains in the ocean because mountains cannot exist in the ocean
It is not possible that there are lots of mountains in the ocean because very few mountains exist in the ocean.
It is not possible that there are lots of mountains in the ocean because the ocean is full of water.
It is not possible that there are some fish on the tree because fish can only live in the water
It is not possible that there are some fish on the tree because fish is only on the water
It is not possible that there are some fish on the tree because fish live in water
It is not possible that jack keeps still when he jumps from a building because people cannot keep still when they jump
It is not possible that jack keeps still when he jumps from a building because nobody can stand still after jumping as there is gravitational pull acts on object which bring down on the floor.
It is not possible that jack keeps still when he jumps from a building because gravity would pull jack down.
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, people wake up because when the sun falls down, people usually go to bed
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, people wake up because people are awake during the day time.
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, people wake up because sunrise is the time for most people to wake up
It is not possible that leaves are usually yellow in summer because leaves are usually yellow in autumn
It is not possible that leaves are usually yellow in summer because leaves don't usually turn yellow til autumn.
It is not possible that leaves are usually yellow in summer because leaves turn yellow in the fall
It is not possible that bus can fly in the air because buses are on the ground, not in the air
It is not possible that bus can fly in the air because buses don't have any wings.
It is not possible that bus can fly in the air because bus do not have wings and cannot fly in the air.
It is not possible that liquor usually can refresh someone because liquor usually makes people dizzy and stupid
It is not possible that liquor usually can refresh someone because alcohol makes you drunk
It is not possible that liquor usually can refresh someone because liquor can only intoxicate people.
It is not possible that i can use my phone to swim with my friends because phones are of no use for swimming
It is not possible that i can use my phone to swim with my friends because you can not use a phone to help you swim
It is not possible that i can use my phone to swim with my friends because phones are not waterproof.
It is not possible that john gets married with his elder sister because people can't marry their close relatives
It is not possible that john gets married with his elder sister because it is illegal for john to marry his sister.
It is not possible that john gets married with his elder sister because siblings marriage is considered immoral and illegal.
It is not possible that tom's body gets shorter as he grows up because almost no one will get shorter when growing up
It is not possible that tom's body gets shorter as he grows up because people do not get shorter as they grow
It is not possible that tom's body gets shorter as he grows up because you get taller not shorter when growing
It is not possible that he saw a strawberry in black color because there is no strawberry in black color
It is not possible that he saw a strawberry in black color because strawberries are red
It is not possible that he saw a strawberry in black color because strawberries are not black unless they are really rotten.
It is not possible that he got excited when his friends betrayed him because no one is excited when being betrayed
It is not possible that he got excited when his friends betrayed him because he would feel negatively about the betrayal of his friend
It is not possible that he got excited when his friends betrayed him because betrayal is a bad thing.
It is not possible that his teeth are ill because he often brushes them because someone's teeth stay healthy if he cleans them often
It is not possible that his teeth are ill because he often brushes them because a teeth does not get ill due to brushing.
It is not possible that his teeth are ill because he often brushes them because cavities are caused by lack of brushing
It is not possible that he turns on the light and then the house gets dark because no house will get dark when its light turned on
It is not possible that he turns on the light and then the house gets dark because lights eliminate darkness.
It is not possible that he turns on the light and then the house gets dark because dark is the absence of light.
It is not possible that my neighbor is 500 years old because no one can live 500 years
It is not possible that my neighbor is 500 years old because no one can live for 500 years.
It is not possible that my neighbor is 500 years old because people don't live that long
It is not possible that he is praised due to his criminal deed because criminal deeds should be published
It is not possible that he is praised due to his criminal deed because nobody is praised by being a murder
It is not possible that he is praised due to his criminal deed because crimes aren't praiseworthy.
It is not possible that having a bad cold makes cindy enjoyable because no on enjoys a bad cold
It is not possible that having a bad cold makes cindy enjoyable because bad colds are unpleasant
It is not possible that having a bad cold makes cindy enjoyable because colds do not make people enjoyable or happy
It is not possible that we keep in touch by sleeping because people can't connect others by sleeping
It is not possible that we keep in touch by sleeping because one can not keep in touch when sleeping.
It is not possible that we keep in touch by sleeping because sleeping is not a form of communication.
It is not possible that monkeys like eating humans because monkeys don't eat humans generally
It is not possible that monkeys like eating humans because monkeys eat fruit and are primarily vegetarians and don't eat humans.
It is not possible that monkeys like eating humans because monkeys are unable to eat large slabs of meat like humans.
It is not possible that we take lessons in toilet because toilet isn't a place for learning
It is not possible that we take lessons in toilet because toilet is for evacuating bodily waste
It is not possible that we take lessons in toilet because toilet is not place of taking lesson
It is not possible that staying up makes one excited because no one can be excited after staying up
It is not possible that staying up makes one excited because staying up makes one tired.
It is not possible that staying up makes one excited because staying up late would make someone tired not excited
It is not possible that i stop my car when the traffic light turns green because no car stop and stay still when the traffic light turns green
It is not possible that i stop my car when the traffic light turns green because the green light means go
It is not possible that i stop my car when the traffic light turns green because you go at a green light.
It is not possible that tim fell asleep because of the interesting tv show because if tim is attracted by the show, he won't get asleep
It is not possible that tim fell asleep because of the interesting tv show because interesting shows wouldn't make tim sleepy.
It is not possible that tim fell asleep because of the interesting tv show because an interesting tv show woud hold your attention
It is not possible that when one gets cold, he can take some stomach medicine because stomach medicine takes no effect on coldness
It is not possible that when one gets cold, he can take some stomach medicine because take cold medicine if you have a cold.
It is not possible that when one gets cold, he can take some stomach medicine because stomach medicine cannot fight off cold.
It is not possible that people like to eat bread which has mildewed because mildewed bread tastes awful and is harmful to people's health
It is not possible that people like to eat bread which has mildewed because bread doesn't mildew, it molds, and can be very unhealthy for humans to eat.
It is not possible that people like to eat bread which has mildewed because this would make you sick.
It is not possible that the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file because the boss always gets unhappy when the clerk gets into big trouble
It is not possible that the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file because losing an important file wouldn't please a boss.
It is not possible that the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file because it makes people unhappy when important things are lost.
It is not possible that he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades because students have to get good grades to go into a world-famous university
It is not possible that he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades because world top universities do not offer students with really bad grades.
It is not possible that he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades because people with bad grades do not get accepted to top universities.
It is not possible that i eat more to lose weight because losing weight requires less intake than consumption
It is not possible that i eat more to lose weight because eating more means you gain more.
It is not possible that i eat more to lose weight because eating more will make you gain weight
It is not possible that if you're busy now, i'd like to ask you some questions because people will spare time with others only after they finish their business in most situations
It is not possible that if you're busy now, i'd like to ask you some questions because if you're busy you wouldn't have time for questions.
It is not possible that if you're busy now, i'd like to ask you some questions because when someone is busy it is not the ideal time to ask some questions
It is not possible that it's too sunny outside, so we have no need of sunscreen because sunscreen protects the skin from sunburn to some extent
It is not possible that it's too sunny outside, so we have no need of sunscreen because uv rays from sun damages and burns skin.
It is not possible that it's too sunny outside, so we have no need of sunscreen because sunscreen is needed on sunny days
It is not possible that she was full so she wolfed down eagerly because she couldn't eat any more otherwise she would feel uncomfortable
It is not possible that she was full so she wolfed down eagerly because if you`re full you don't need more
It is not possible that she was full so she wolfed down eagerly because if she was full, she would not be eating eagerly.
It is not possible that he felt so hot that he turned off the air-conditioner because air conditioning can blow cold air to make one feel cool
It is not possible that he felt so hot that he turned off the air-conditioner because an air-conditioner is turned on when people are too hot.
It is not possible that he felt so hot that he turned off the air-conditioner because if he were hot, he would turn on the air conditioner to cool down
It is not possible that his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot because playing a lot can't improve his handwriting
It is not possible that his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot because playing will not improve a person's handwriting.
It is not possible that his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot because playing a lot does not help him improve handwriting
It is not possible that i'm less short of my breath when i quicken my pace because moving faster usually result in a more short breath
It is not possible that i'm less short of my breath when i quicken my pace because a faster pace needs faster breathing.
It is not possible that i'm less short of my breath when i quicken my pace because when you quicken your pace, your heart rate increases and affects your breathing.
It is not possible that i took off my coat in the cold wind because we'll feel more cold when taking off coat in the cold wind
It is not possible that i took off my coat in the cold wind because if it's cold you should leave your coat on.
It is not possible that i took off my coat in the cold wind because this would make you more exposed to the cold
It is not possible that put a basin on his face to wash his face because a basin cannot be put to one's face to wash the face
It is not possible that put a basin on his face to wash his face because it is not the right tool for cleaning your face
It is not possible that put a basin on his face to wash his face because basin is not a cloth to wash
It is not possible that jack jumps up the cliff because the height of the cliff is much more than the limit of one's strength
It is not possible that jack jumps up the cliff because you can only jump off and down to the cliff
It is not possible that jack jumps up the cliff because it is impossible to jump up a cliff.
It is not possible that rides a pigeon to cross the mountains because a pigeon is too small for a person to ride
It is not possible that rides a pigeon to cross the mountains because a pigeon is too small to carry someone across mountains
It is not possible that rides a pigeon to cross the mountains because pigeon is too small and weak to ride to cross the mountains
It is not possible that puts a computer into a pan and cooks it because a computer will break if cooked by a pan
It is not possible that puts a computer into a pan and cooks it because computers are not food
It is not possible that puts a computer into a pan and cooks it because you can't cook a computer.
It is not possible that saying "good evening", he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school because "good evening" is used at the time of greeting in the evening instead of in the morning
It is not possible that saying "good evening", he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school because we say good morning at dawn.
It is not possible that saying "good evening", he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school because we don't say good evening in the morning.
It is not possible that jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother because meeting with kind mother usually makes a person happy
It is not possible that jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother because kindness makes people happy.
It is not possible that jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother because grieved would mean his mother wasn't kind.
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in model show because tall girls can usually perform better in model show
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in model show because models are usually tall.
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in model show because models are tall, so to be short would not be an advantage.
It is not possible that i do well in math courses so i do well in history courses because history courses are not part of the math courses
It is not possible that i do well in math courses so i do well in history courses because good performance in math courses has no relation to performance in history
It is not possible that i do well in math courses so i do well in history courses because doing well in math does not mean one will do well in history.
It is not possible that john determines to grow taller so she eats less because eating less would not provide enough nutrition to grow taller
It is not possible that john determines to grow taller so she eats less because don't grow taller by starving.
It is not possible that john determines to grow taller so she eats less because taller people typically require more calories so eating less would not be beneficial
It is not possible that i washed up my quilt at the hotel because i do not need to wash up the quilt myself
It is not possible that i washed up my quilt at the hotel because you can't use a quilt to wash yourself.
It is not possible that i washed up my quilt at the hotel because i covered my quilt at the hotel.
It is not possible that i was encouraged by him so i broke up with him because encouragement makes a person feel friendly instead of angry and hostile
It is not possible that i was encouraged by him so i broke up with him because everybody likes people who encourage them.
It is not possible that i was encouraged by him so i broke up with him because when someone is encouraged by another they don't break up with them.
It is not possible that jay played hard to finish the assignment because playing would not help the achievement of the assignment
It is not possible that jay played hard to finish the assignment because assignments are usually about work, and not play.
It is not possible that jay played hard to finish the assignment because when playing time lost for assignment
It is not possible that lin feels happy after left out by her brothers because feeling left out would lead to a person unhappiness
It is not possible that lin feels happy after left out by her brothers because loneliness never give happiness
It is not possible that lin feels happy after left out by her brothers because assuming lin likes her brothers, she would be sad to be left out by them.
It is not possible that ken eats several books every day because books are not made to eat
It is not possible that ken eats several books every day because book cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that ken eats several books every day because books are not edible.
It is not possible that i turned green when passing a crossroads because we cannot change our colour when passing a crossroads
It is not possible that i turned green when passing a crossroads because people don't change colors and don not turn green when passing a crossroad.
It is not possible that i turned green when passing a crossroads because passing a crossroad cannot change your color
It is not possible that he gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work because long hours of continuous work will cost a lot of energy
It is not possible that he gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work because sleep is a solid response for being awake 48 continous hours
It is not possible that he gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work because if doing continuous work then automatically we exhaust
It is not possible that my mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol because drinking a lot alcohol will make a people unconscious
It is not possible that my mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol because the mind is weakened by alcohol and becomes blurred.
It is not possible that my mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol because alcohol impairs brain functioning.
It is not possible that england declared war on her ally with great honour because it's immoral to declare war when there is a truce between them
It is not possible that england declared war on her ally with great honour because allies are friends you do not declare war on friends.
It is not possible that england declared war on her ally with great honour because you fight alongside your allies.
It is not possible that owing to years of drought and war, his enemy's empire is now very strong because disasters and wars will lead a country weak not strong
It is not possible that owing to years of drought and war, his enemy's empire is now very strong because drought and war would make an empire weak.
It is not possible that owing to years of drought and war, his enemy's empire is now very strong because drought and war do not provide healthy life
It is not possible that thanks to the great power of his rivals, it's the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back because it's not wise to attack a rival when he's a great power
It is not possible that thanks to the great power of his rivals, it's the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back because if his rivals are powerful, they won't give him a chance to stab them on the back.
It is not possible that thanks to the great power of his rivals, it's the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back because powerful rivals make for a good case to stab them in the back.
It is not possible that caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put caesar's rival down the throne because one's opponent will not help him to get the throne
It is not possible that caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put caesar's rival down the throne because putting his rival down the thrown would not be beneficial to caesar.
It is not possible that caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put caesar's rival down the throne because caesar's success is to pull, not put rival down the throne
It is not possible that due to the lack of salary and training, octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary because the lack of salary and training will weaken his authority and make the mercenary lose loyalty
It is not possible that due to the lack of salary and training, octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary because lack of training and salary would likely create feelings of discontent which would not make someone feel more loyal
It is not possible that due to the lack of salary and training, octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary because if we are in a lack of salary then we cannot have a loyalty
It is not possible that caesar led his army to cross the river, and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping because it's impossible for caesar to burn water in the river
It is not possible that caesar led his army to cross the river, and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping because the river, being composed of water, will not burn.
It is not possible that caesar led his army to cross the river, and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping because a river is water and can't be burned
It is not possible that caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils because generally speaking, only the winner of a battle has spoils
It is not possible that caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils because to the victor go the spoils.
It is not possible that caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils because when leaders are defeated they do not win the spoils.
It is not possible that caesar captured a lot of prisoners, to whom he surrendered because bending to the prisoners as a conqueror seldom happens
It is not possible that caesar captured a lot of prisoners, to whom he surrendered because caesar was the victor and so only the losers and not ceaser would surrender
It is not possible that caesar captured a lot of prisoners, to whom he surrendered because if you capture prisoners, they surrender to you.
It is not possible that it's hot inside, we should turn the heater on because turning the heater on will cause the insider temperature higher
It is not possible that it's hot inside, we should turn the heater on because a heater would make it even hotter.
It is not possible that it's hot inside, we should turn the heater on because a heater would make it hotter.
It is not possible that it's a good time to exercise outside, because it's rainy because rainy road slippery, not suitable for exercise
It is not possible that it's a good time to exercise outside, because it's rainy because most people don't like to be out in the rain.
It is not possible that it's a good time to exercise outside, because it's rainy because people exercise outside when it's sunny and not when it's rainy.
It is not possible that after the dinner, i would like to eat desert because desert is so big and made of sand, nobody can eat it
It is not possible that after the dinner, i would like to eat desert because desert is a place, not a food to eat
It is not possible that after the dinner, i would like to eat desert because you can not eat sand.
It is not possible that i drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise because drinking oil has no effect on relieving fatigue after exercise
It is not possible that i drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise because people can't drink oil because it is toxic to the body.
It is not possible that i drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise because oils is not good to drink.
It is not possible that because it's very hot, i'd like to swim in the lava because swimming in the lava is not only hot but very dangerous
It is not possible that because it's very hot, i'd like to swim in the lava because lava is too hot to swim in.
It is not possible that because it's very hot, i'd like to swim in the lava because lava is hot
It is not possible that compared to the ant, we're so small in scale because we're much bigger than the ant in scale
It is not possible that compared to the ant, we're so small in scale because an ant is very small
It is not possible that compared to the ant, we're so small in scale because ants are much smaller than people.
It is not possible that the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing because any meeting doesn't need a safe landing with the aid of lights
It is not possible that the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing because you do not land into a meeting.
It is not possible that the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing because a meeting cannot have a safe landing because they do not move.
It is not possible that falling into boiling water makes him feel happy because people who fall into boiling water can feel pain and even life-threatening
It is not possible that falling into boiling water makes him feel happy because getting boiling water on you would be painful and dangerous.
It is not possible that falling into boiling water makes him feel happy because boiling water is hot and unpleasant to fall into.
It is not possible that personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh because being kept in oven can make mushrooms cooked, not fresh
It is not possible that personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh because oven is used to heat not fresh
It is not possible that personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh because food is not kept fresh in ovens
It is not possible that a dance is a great way for him to bounce because a dance doesn't have evident effect on bouncing
It is not possible that a dance is a great way for him to bounce because bouncing is not a part of dance.
It is not possible that a dance is a great way for him to bounce because dance is not like ball
It is not possible that the river belongs to a drop of water because a drop of water belongs to the river, instead of the opposite
It is not possible that the river belongs to a drop of water because a river is larger than a drop of water
It is not possible that the river belongs to a drop of water because a river can't belong to a drop of water because it contains much more water than a drop.
It is not possible that the desert belongs to a grain of sand because a grain of sand belongs to the desert, instead of the opposite
It is not possible that the desert belongs to a grain of sand because a desert is made up of sand and not the other way around
It is not possible that the desert belongs to a grain of sand because a desert would be too large to fit in a grain of sand.
It is not possible that it's so cold, and i'm going to drink some lava because drinking some lava is very dangerous
It is not possible that it's so cold, and i'm going to drink some lava because lava is too hot to drink.
It is not possible that it's so cold, and i'm going to drink some lava because lava is not edible thing as it contains molten, hot earthen elements and gases.
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because the earth is revolved by the gravitational pull of the sun
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because the sun is the central star
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because the smaller earth goes around the much larger sun.
It is not possible that ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained because ten minus three equals seven, not eight
It is not possible that ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained because three and eight equal eleven
It is not possible that ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained because three and eight add to more than ten.
It is not possible that bob closed his eyes and watched tv with his parents because one cannot watch tv without his eyes
It is not possible that bob closed his eyes and watched tv with his parents because open eyes are necessary to see the tv shows.
It is not possible that bob closed his eyes and watched tv with his parents because your eyes must be open to watch
It is not possible that he was beaten by his mother because he did study well because generally speaking, parents would like to see their children study well
It is not possible that he was beaten by his mother because he did study well because he wouldn't be punished for studying well
It is not possible that he was beaten by his mother because he did study well because a child isn't usually beaten by their mother for doing well.
It is not possible that it shines cats and dogs outside because shining cats and dogs does not make any sense
It is not possible that it shines cats and dogs outside because cats and dogs are not a thing that can't shines.
It is not possible that it shines cats and dogs outside because the term "cats and dogs" does not refer to sunshine.
It is not possible that as he gets cold, his mother asks him to drink more cold water because you should drink more hot water instead of cold water when you have a cold
It is not possible that as he gets cold, his mother asks him to drink more cold water because cold water would not warm him up but make him colder.
It is not possible that as he gets cold, his mother asks him to drink more cold water because cold water will lower your body temperature making you colder.
It is not possible that generally speaking, it's very safe to hang out on the dark street at night because it's more dangerous at night than at day
It is not possible that generally speaking, it's very safe to hang out on the dark street at night because it's very dangerous to be out and about at night.
It is not possible that generally speaking, it's very safe to hang out on the dark street at night because dark streets have many risks
It is not possible that they were travelling in a carpet in the air because a carpet cannot lift people in the air to travel
It is not possible that they were travelling in a carpet in the air because carpets are not a type of transportation
It is not possible that they were travelling in a carpet in the air because flying carpets aren't real.
It is not possible that queen elizabeth ii is a king because queen elizabeth ii is a queen at present therefore cannot be a king that is a male ruler
It is not possible that queen elizabeth ii is a king because the queen is a woman and can't be king
It is not possible that queen elizabeth ii is a king because queen elizabeth ii is a woman.
It is not possible that the teacher stood on the desk when school started because people seldom stood on the desk when school started
It is not possible that the teacher stood on the desk when school started because desks are used for sitting at and studying, not standing on.
It is not possible that the teacher stood on the desk when school started because teachers shouldn't stand on desks.
It is not possible that chauncey eats milk because milk cannot be eaten, while it can only be consumed
It is not possible that chauncey eats milk because you drink liquids.
It is not possible that chauncey eats milk because milk is drunk rather than eaten.
It is not possible that he loves bread more than any other drinks because bread is not a drink
It is not possible that he loves bread more than any other drinks because bread is not a type of liquid.
It is not possible that he loves bread more than any other drinks because you eat bread, not drink it
It is not possible that he has ten toes on one foot because no one has ten toes on one foot
It is not possible that he has ten toes on one foot because he was born with five extra toes then.
It is not possible that he has ten toes on one foot because each foot contains 5 toes
It is not possible that a cup is used to write because cups are used for holding water and other stuff
It is not possible that a cup is used to write because a cup is not a writing instrument.
It is not possible that a cup is used to write because it is impossible to write with a cup
It is not possible that he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb because light bulbs can't make a call or other remote communication
It is not possible that he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb because light bulb is a thing which cannot used to communicate.
It is not possible that he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb because a light bulb cannot be used for communication.
It is not possible that he ate chess because the chess can not be eaten
It is not possible that he ate chess because chess cannot be ate.
It is not possible that he ate chess because chess is a game and is not edible.
It is not possible that i lost my brain at the subway station because if you lose your brain, you will no longer live
It is not possible that i lost my brain at the subway station because your brain is inside your head.
It is not possible that i lost my brain at the subway station because a person's brain is inside their head and can't be removed and lost.
It is not possible that he eats tigers every day before lunch because one cannot eat tiger every day because it's dangerous and scarce
It is not possible that he eats tigers every day before lunch because people don't normally eat tigers.
It is not possible that he eats tigers every day before lunch because a tiger is too big to eat.
It is not possible that he pus an elephant in a drawer because an elephant is too big to be put into a drawer
It is not possible that he pus an elephant in a drawer because elephant is much bigger than the drawer
It is not possible that he pus an elephant in a drawer because an elephant is much larger than a drawer
It is not possible that papers are made of iron because no paper is made of iron
It is not possible that papers are made of iron because paper would be too heavy if it were made out of iron.
It is not possible that papers are made of iron because iron isn't good for making paper.
It is not possible that wolves are docile naturally because no wolf is docile naturally
It is not possible that wolves are docile naturally because docile does not include wolves.
It is not possible that wolves are docile naturally because predators are not docile
It is not possible that a music box can sleep because no music box can sleep
It is not possible that a music box can sleep because a music box is not alive, therefore it cannot sleep
It is not possible that a music box can sleep because a music box is not alive
It is not possible that he plants a tree on the sea because trees can't live without soil
It is not possible that he plants a tree on the sea because you can only plant trees on solid ground.
It is not possible that he plants a tree on the sea because most plants can't grow in salt water.
It is not possible that eyes are used to hear things because eyes can't hear anything
It is not possible that eyes are used to hear things because eyes are used to be watch not to hear things
It is not possible that eyes are used to hear things because eyes do not detect sounds
It is not possible that we need the apple to open the lock because apple can't open the lock
It is not possible that we need the apple to open the lock because apples are a fruit and cannot open a lock.
It is not possible that we need the apple to open the lock because an apple is too big to be put into a lock.
It is not possible that salt usually taste sweet because no salt tastes sweet
It is not possible that salt usually taste sweet because salt is salty
It is not possible that salt usually taste sweet because salt is oposite of sweet
It is not possible that obesity is healthy for human because obesity is not healthy for human
It is not possible that obesity is healthy for human because obesity can cause health problems that are detrimental to humans.
It is not possible that obesity is healthy for human because obesity causes serious bad effects in a human being.
It is not possible that ice releases heat when melting because melting is a process that needs heat
It is not possible that ice releases heat when melting because it is impossible to melt when release heat
It is not possible that ice releases heat when melting because ice is cold and does not release heat.
It is not possible that rats live on the trees because no rat lives on the trees
It is not possible that rats live on the trees because although they are able to climb trees, rats prefer to live in dark places
It is not possible that rats live on the trees because tree is not a place to live for rats.
It is not possible that students take lessons at night and sleep at day because no student takes lessons at night and sleeps at day
It is not possible that students take lessons at night and sleep at day because the students have a curfew at night.
It is not possible that students take lessons at night and sleep at day because lessons at school happen during the day.
It is not possible that he keeps a dragon as a pet because dragon doesn't exist at all
It is not possible that he keeps a dragon as a pet because dragons are too vicious and wild to keep as pets
It is not possible that he keeps a dragon as a pet because dragon's are not real and can not be kept as a pet.
It is not possible that tom runs 100 meters in 1 second because no one can run 100 meters in 1 second
It is not possible that tom runs 100 meters in 1 second because humans can't go that fast.
It is not possible that tom runs 100 meters in 1 second because people can not run as fast as 100 meters in 1 second.
It is not possible that i take a shower in 200degrees celsius because no one can live in the temperature of 200degrees celsius
It is not possible that i take a shower in 200degrees celsius because taking a shower in overly hot water would cause a person to get scaled.
It is not possible that i take a shower in 200degrees celsius because 200 degrees celsius is almost 400 fahrenheit and is enough to cook a person.
It is not possible that people speak to others in french in china because people in china don't speak french to communicate
It is not possible that people speak to others in french in china because french is the language of france
It is not possible that people speak to others in french in china because people in china speak chinese and not french.
It is not possible that he keeps a whale in a fishbowl because a fishbowl is too small for a whale to live in
It is not possible that he keeps a whale in a fishbowl because whales do not fit in fishbowls
It is not possible that he keeps a whale in a fishbowl because a whale would not fit in a fishbowl
It is not possible that rainbow usually appears after sand storm because rainbow has nothing to do with sand storm
It is not possible that rainbow usually appears after sand storm because rainbows are made from water and light.
It is not possible that rainbow usually appears after sand storm because rainbows are not made from sand.
It is not possible that there are dinosaurs in the zoo because dinosaurs died out long time ago
It is not possible that there are dinosaurs in the zoo because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that there are dinosaurs in the zoo because a zoo is a place to see live animals, not extinct ones.
It is not possible that we keep breathe with our stomach because stomach has nothing to do with breathing
It is not possible that we keep breathe with our stomach because our stomachs don't help us breathe, that's what lungs do.
It is not possible that we keep breathe with our stomach because the stomach is for food.
It is not possible that i felt cool because the sun was too hot that day because sunshine increases the body temperature
It is not possible that i felt cool because the sun was too hot that day because a hot sun will not make one cool.
It is not possible that i felt cool because the sun was too hot that day because if the sun is hot, then you are hot.
It is not possible that he didn't know the new word, so went to play basketball because dictionary is a useful tool where students can see the explanations
It is not possible that he didn't know the new word, so went to play basketball because when someone doesn't know a word they look it up in a dictionary and don't play basketball.
It is not possible that he didn't know the new word, so went to play basketball because playing basketball will not help you learn new vocabulary.
It is not possible that it's so late that we can check all the students' grades because sampling surveys can save time
It is not possible that it's so late that we can check all the students' grades because there will not be enough time to check all the grades.
It is not possible that it's so late that we can check all the students' grades because there isn't enough time before bed to do everything.
It is not possible that this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the wei and jin dynasties because this work has high historical and aesthetic value
It is not possible that this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the wei and jin dynasties because a writer that is famous will have a painting that is worth a lot.
It is not possible that this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the wei and jin dynasties because if it's famous and old, it has value.
It is not possible that i stayed up all night last night, so i am energetic today because staying up late makes people very tired the next day
It is not possible that i stayed up all night last night, so i am energetic today because people need plenty of sleep to re-energize.
It is not possible that i stayed up all night last night, so i am energetic today because staying up all night means lacking sleep and rest and affects ones ability to think and be energetic.
It is not possible that we are supposed to peep at a classmate's personal diary because it is disrespectful to move other's things without permission
It is not possible that we are supposed to peep at a classmate's personal diary because you should not look at a personal diary.
It is not possible that we are supposed to peep at a classmate's personal diary because peeping at someones personal diary is considered impolite
It is not possible that people can use flash lights in caves because the use of flash will destroy the fresco
It is not possible that people can use flash lights in caves because caves is not a place to use flash lights.
It is not possible that people can use flash lights in caves because since there is no flash allowed in caves you can not use flashlights
It is not possible that children should separate from their parents in the crowd because in crowded places, children are easily lost if they don't keep up with their parents
It is not possible that children should separate from their parents in the crowd because children should stay with their parents in a crowd to prevent them from becoming lost.
It is not possible that children should separate from their parents in the crowd because losing your children in a crowd would be scary.
It is not possible that we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today because people should abide by the rules when visiting museums
It is not possible that we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today because if it's closed no one is allowed in.
It is not possible that we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today because if its not open you cant see
It is not possible that we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering because everyone's life is equally important and we should protect ourselves
It is not possible that we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering because choosing to act when you lack ability, such as to swim, is foolish and not brave.
It is not possible that we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering because being unable to swim would not stop someone volunteering.
It is not possible that she liked feeling overfed because feeling overwhelmed is a sign that the body reminds us not to eat any more
It is not possible that she liked feeling overfed because being overfed gives on a belly ache.
It is not possible that she liked feeling overfed because if she were overfed she would be uncomfortable
It is not possible that he had no money, so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat because usually, a penniless person can't buy anything
It is not possible that he had no money, so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat because you have to have money to buy something.
It is not possible that he had no money, so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat because money is needed to buy ice cream
It is not possible that he often can't solve math problems, so he loves math because most people don't like what they're not good at
It is not possible that he often can't solve math problems, so he loves math because people do not love things that give them difficulty.
It is not possible that he often can't solve math problems, so he loves math because he doesn't love math if he is bad at it
It is not possible that his computer broke down, so he can hand in his homework ahead of time because he needed the help of a computer to finish his work
It is not possible that his computer broke down, so he can hand in his homework ahead of time because if the computer broke down, then he would be late handing it in because he would not have access to the computer.
It is not possible that his computer broke down, so he can hand in his homework ahead of time because if his computer is not working he can not use it to produce his homework.
It is not possible that he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates because when we can't accomplish our task independently, we can choose to ask for help
It is not possible that he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates because if he already had the answer, he wouldn't need to ask his classmates.
It is not possible that he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates because if he worked out the problem himself, it would not make sense to ask his classmates for help.
It is not possible that we should eat bananas after they turn black because the black color means the banana is broken and we could have diarrhea when we eat it
It is not possible that we should eat bananas after they turn black because black bananas have gone bad
It is not possible that we should eat bananas after they turn black because black bananas are overriped and can be dangerous for humans to eat
It is not possible that getting home after a happy date,he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside because the boy was expecting to show his girlfriend around his house
It is not possible that getting home after a happy date,he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside because after a good date you would want to invite your partner in so you can still have more time to spend with each other.
It is not possible that getting home after a happy date,he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside because a person does not leave his girlfriend outside as she would face danger.
It is not possible that delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited because she was too hungry to understand such a long delay of her takeout delivery anymore
It is not possible that delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited because when a delivery is delayed it makes people upset and not excited.
It is not possible that delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited because she would want her food
It is not possible that he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday because the student went to bed late because he had much work to do and deprived sleep
It is not possible that he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday because dark circles under eye only when strain
It is not possible that he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday because the student likely stayed up late if he had circles under his eyes, so he had to have been working on something.
It is not possible that the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store because the store could not provide her with satisfying shopping experience
It is not possible that the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store because she would not return to a store with bad goods
It is not possible that the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store because if the items were not good quality, she would not order them again.
It is not possible that i ate a tree as my dinner because no one can eat a tree
It is not possible that i ate a tree as my dinner because trees are not food
It is not possible that i ate a tree as my dinner because trees are not food.
It is not possible that he play the piano by mouth because nobody can play piano by mouth
It is not possible that he play the piano by mouth because you can't hit the keys with your mouth.
It is not possible that he play the piano by mouth because his mouth would get hurt.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant eating meat because no elephant eats meat
It is not possible that he saw an elephant eating meat because elephants are herbivores.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant eating meat because an elephant is a herbivore.
It is not possible that honesty can be bought by money because honesty can't be bought by money
It is not possible that honesty can be bought by money because buying honesty would not guarantee it
It is not possible that honesty can be bought by money because honesty is non available in shops
It is not possible that he drank a bottle of oil because people can't drink oil
It is not possible that he drank a bottle of oil because oil is not a drink to be consumed
It is not possible that he drank a bottle of oil because oil is not a liquid to be drunk.
It is not possible that too much alcohol makes peter wide awake because no on can stays wide awake after drinking too much alcohol
It is not possible that too much alcohol makes peter wide awake because alcohol tends to make on sleepy, not wide awake.
It is not possible that too much alcohol makes peter wide awake because alcohol inhibits your actions
It is not possible that his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone because when someone is a poor singer, he is to make noise
It is not possible that his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone because a person who cannot carry a tone cannot sing  well and so friends do not enjoy listening to him.
It is not possible that his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone because proper tone makes musical enjoyable.
It is not possible that the high-speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky because the high-speed railway cannot fly
It is not possible that the high-speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky because it is impossible for a train to fly in the sky.
It is not possible that the high-speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky because trains do not fly.
It is not possible that fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols because fans don't really want to hurt someone they have affection for
It is not possible that fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols because people don't attack their idols.
It is not possible that fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols because fans almost never attack their idols because they like them.
It is not possible that girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers because girls want to show their beauty in front of boys they have a crush on
It is not possible that girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers because actually women dress to look their best  when they go on a date.
It is not possible that girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers because girls are meticulous about their outfits when going out on dates.
It is not possible that elephants like eating meat because elephants are herbivorous
It is not possible that elephants like eating meat because elephants are not carnivores.
It is not possible that elephants like eating meat because elephants are not meat eaters
It is not possible that snow is in black color because there's no black snow in the world
It is not possible that snow is in black color because snow is not black.
It is not possible that snow is in black color because nope, snow is white everywhere, maybe yellow sometimes
It is not possible that rain falls from stars because stars can't produce rain
It is not possible that rain falls from stars because stars do not have water to make rain
It is not possible that rain falls from stars because stars are very hot
It is not possible that cows produce juice because cows can't produce juice
It is not possible that cows produce juice because jucice are made from squeezing different fruits and vegetables.
It is not possible that cows produce juice because juice is a liquid substance that can't produce by the cow.
It is not possible that cats prey on stones and sands because there's no cat like eating stones and sands
It is not possible that cats prey on stones and sands because stones and sand are not food, cats eat mice and cat food.
It is not possible that cats prey on stones and sands because cats can't eat stone and sand.
It is not possible that there's some alkali in one's stomach because there's no alkali in stomach
It is not possible that there's some alkali in one's stomach because alkali doesn't belong in a stomach.
It is not possible that there's some alkali in one's stomach because the stomach contains acids and alkali is not an acid.
It is not possible that human likes to have ugly appearance because no one likes to be ugly
It is not possible that human likes to have ugly appearance because no one wants to be ugly
It is not possible that human likes to have ugly appearance because humans desire to be beautiful
It is not possible that books are made of glass because no book is made of glass
It is not possible that books are made of glass because books are not made of glass because they would be very fragile and heavy.
It is not possible that books are made of glass because glass is heavy and fragile.
It is not possible that oil can be found in the sky because there's no oil in the sky
It is not possible that oil can be found in the sky because sky is too light to hold oil
It is not possible that oil can be found in the sky because only air and clouds are in the sky.
It is not possible that policemen work in the hospital because all the policemen work in the police station
It is not possible that policemen work in the hospital because patients are not criminals
It is not possible that policemen work in the hospital because policemen work at the precinct.
It is not possible that a doctor must be able to cook because not every doctor can cook
It is not possible that a doctor must be able to cook because cooking is not necessary for a doctor to perform their functions
It is not possible that a doctor must be able to cook because every doctor practices in clinics and hospitals as their duty but cooking is not a compulsion to them.
It is not possible that hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday because no on eats birthday bloom on birthday
It is not possible that hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday because blooms are flowers
It is not possible that hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday because birthday bloom cannot be ate.
It is not possible that my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood because no one's blood is in blue color
It is not possible that my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood because when it bleeds it only oozes red color blood not blue.
It is not possible that my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood because blood isn't blue.
It is not possible that i feel comfortable when i get hurt because no one feels comfortable when getting hurt
It is not possible that i feel comfortable when i get hurt because you should feel pain after getting hurt.
It is not possible that i feel comfortable when i get hurt because injuries cause pain.
It is not possible that green plants produce water because no green plants produce water
It is not possible that green plants produce water because green plants need water to grow.
It is not possible that green plants produce water because green plants suck up water.
It is not possible that he wear shoes on hands because no one wears shoes on hands
It is not possible that he wear shoes on hands because shoes are for the feet, not hands.
It is not possible that he wear shoes on hands because shoes belong on feet.
It is not possible that human's teeth are black naturally because no one's teeth are black naturally
It is not possible that human's teeth are black naturally because enamel is white in color
It is not possible that human's teeth are black naturally because human teeth are made of a calcium compound which is naturally white.
It is not possible that tom feels hot in winter because people usually don't feel hot in winter
It is not possible that tom feels hot in winter because the winter is for cold weather.
It is not possible that tom feels hot in winter because winter is the coldest season of the year.
It is not possible that the noise is beautiful because the noise is irregular
It is not possible that the noise is beautiful because nope, noise is just noise, its annoying actually
It is not possible that the noise is beautiful because noise is a sound which cannot be classified as beautiful.
It is not possible that milk can wake you up because milk can help you sleep
It is not possible that milk can wake you up because milk makes you sleepy, it would not wake you up.
It is not possible that milk can wake you up because milk does not contain caffeine or any stimulant to increase your wakefulness.
It is not possible that we can use our phone to swim because we use our body to swim
It is not possible that we can use our phone to swim because phones are ruined by water.
It is not possible that we can use our phone to swim because phones are not made for swiming
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, we wake up because when the sun falls down, we sleep
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, we wake up because most people sleep at night and wake up during the day.
It is not possible that when the sun falls down, we wake up because one does not sleep when the sun sun falls down to wake up.
It is not possible that we can borrow money in the toilet because we relieve ourself in the toilet
It is not possible that we can borrow money in the toilet because toilets are used for getting rid of human waste
It is not possible that we can borrow money in the toilet because toilets don't give out money.
It is not possible that my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day because no one can drink a carton of milk at a time
It is not possible that my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day because that much milk would make you sick.
It is not possible that my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day because milk comes in a bottle not in a carton.
It is not possible that jack was born two meters tall because the newborn baby is about 05 meters tall
It is not possible that jack was born two meters tall because babies are not born two meters tall.
It is not possible that jack was born two meters tall because growth is a slow process
It is not possible that a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton because a kilogram of iron is the same weight as a kilogram of cotton
It is not possible that a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton because a kilo is the same wight no matter what object is being weighed.
It is not possible that a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton because as both consists of one kilo , both would weigh the same.
It is not possible that he took the high-speed train to the moon because no high-speed trains can be driven off the ground
It is not possible that he took the high-speed train to the moon because there is no train rail that goes to the moon.
It is not possible that he took the high-speed train to the moon because the moon isn't physically connected to the earth so a train can't go there.
It is not possible that most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise because most people work during the day and rest at night
It is not possible that most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise because most people work during daylight hours.
It is not possible that most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise because only a minority of people work at sunrise
It is not possible that she decided to go on holiday on february 30th because february has 29 days at most
It is not possible that she decided to go on holiday on february 30th because february has only 29 days at most.
It is not possible that she decided to go on holiday on february 30th because february only has 28 or 29 days
It is not possible that my parents feed their house every day because house can't be feed
It is not possible that my parents feed their house every day because a house isn't a living thing.
It is not possible that my parents feed their house every day because houses don't eat.
It is not possible that kate slept on the ceiling last night because people can't stay on th ceiling
It is not possible that kate slept on the ceiling last night because people can't sleep on the ceiling because of gravity
It is not possible that kate slept on the ceiling last night because gravity prevents people from sleeping on the ceiling
It is not possible that doctor goes to airport to work because there's no doctor working at the airport
It is not possible that doctor goes to airport to work because airports are for travellers
It is not possible that doctor goes to airport to work because the airport is not equipped for doctor's to work at.
It is not possible that the earth exists in the sun because the earth is not in the sun
It is not possible that the earth exists in the sun because the earth and sun both are different and apart entities of our universe.
It is not possible that the earth exists in the sun because anything very closer to sun will burn down due to the heat of the sun.
It is not possible that my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast because no one likes eating shoes
It is not possible that my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast because people don't eat shoes.
It is not possible that my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast because shoes not tasty to eat
It is not possible that i go to hospital by house because house can't be used to transport
It is not possible that i go to hospital by house because house is not a vehicle to travel to hospital.
It is not possible that i go to hospital by house because you cannot travel in a house as it does not have wheels.
It is not possible that rats are bigger than human because rats are much smaller than human
It is not possible that rats are bigger than human because rats are small and can crawl into tiny spaces.
It is not possible that rats are bigger than human because rats are hopefully less than a foot long.
It is not possible that my parents eat lunch on the ceiling because no one can eat lunch on the ceiling
It is not possible that my parents eat lunch on the ceiling because people can't eat on the ceiling because gravity would pull them down.
It is not possible that my parents eat lunch on the ceiling because you can't do anything on the ceiling, it defies gravity.
It is not possible that tom is the country's princess because there's no male princess
It is not possible that tom is the country's princess because only girls can be a princess.
It is not possible that tom is the country's princess because tom is a boy's name and boys aren't princesses.
It is not possible that japan is the the biggest country in the world because the biggest country in the world is russia
It is not possible that japan is the the biggest country in the world because japan is not even a large country
It is not possible that japan is the the biggest country in the world because many nations are bigger than japan.
It is not possible that dolphins can live in the desert because dolphins can't live in the desert
It is not possible that dolphins can live in the desert because dolphins must live in the ocean not on land.
It is not possible that dolphins can live in the desert because dolphins can only live in the ocean
It is not possible that a book is used to eat because no one eats books
It is not possible that a book is used to eat because a book is not an eating utensil.
It is not possible that a book is used to eat because book is not a food to eat
It is not possible that walls are made of water because there's no wall made of water
It is not possible that walls are made of water because water is not a solid
It is not possible that walls are made of water because water is not hard
It is not possible that a car can feel pain because cars can't feel pain
It is not possible that a car can feel pain because only animals and people can feel pain.
It is not possible that a car can feel pain because cars don't have any feelings.
It is not possible that guns are beneficial for human because guns are deadly for human
It is not possible that guns are beneficial for human because guns can be used to hurt people and are therefore not beneficial.
It is not possible that guns are beneficial for human because guns hurt people
It is not possible that my mom eats her breakfast at night because no one eats breakfast at night
It is not possible that my mom eats her breakfast at night because breakfast is taken in the morning
It is not possible that my mom eats her breakfast at night because breakfast is for morning eating,
It is not possible that restaurant sells medicine because restaurant doesn't sell medicine
It is not possible that restaurant sells medicine because restaurants sell food.
It is not possible that restaurant sells medicine because restaurants sell food
It is not possible that my mom eat a telephone as dinner because no one can eat a telephone
It is not possible that my mom eat a telephone as dinner because telephones are not food.
It is not possible that my mom eat a telephone as dinner because telephones are plastic and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he went out home without his lungs because human can't live without lungs
It is not possible that he went out home without his lungs because a person cannot leave without their lungs.
It is not possible that he went out home without his lungs because you can't remove your lungs.
It is not possible that snake moves by flying because snakes are unable to fly
It is not possible that snake moves by flying because snakes lack wings.
It is not possible that snake moves by flying because snakes cannot fly.
It is not possible that he was sentenced to death for drinking juice because no one is sentenced to death for drinking juice
It is not possible that he was sentenced to death for drinking juice because drinking juice is not a capital offense.
It is not possible that he was sentenced to death for drinking juice because drinking juice is not a crime
It is not possible that flowers need plastic to live because flowers don't need plastic to live
It is not possible that flowers need plastic to live because plastic can't nourish a plant.
It is not possible that flowers need plastic to live because flowers don't need plastic, they need water
It is not possible that there are many kind of books in the zoo because there's few books in the zoo
It is not possible that there are many kind of books in the zoo because books are kept in libraries, not zoos
It is not possible that there are many kind of books in the zoo because books are kept in libraries.
It is not possible that my father cooks dishes in the toilet because no one cooks dishes in the toilet
It is not possible that my father cooks dishes in the toilet because cooking is done only in kitchen.
It is not possible that my father cooks dishes in the toilet because toilet do not have stove
It is not possible that drinking coffee makes him sleepy because drinking coffee won't make one sleepy
It is not possible that drinking coffee makes him sleepy because coffee is a stimulant
It is not possible that drinking coffee makes him sleepy because coffee doesn't make you sleepy, it makes you energetic.
It is not possible that human usually has five hands because no one have five hands
It is not possible that human usually has five hands because a normal human is born with two hands
It is not possible that human usually has five hands because all humans have 2 hands
It is not possible that my son has four big eyes because no one has four eyes
It is not possible that my son has four big eyes because children to do not have four eyes
It is not possible that my son has four big eyes because humans normally have only two eyes.
It is not possible that spiders have only one eye because no spider has only on eye
It is not possible that spiders have only one eye because spiders have eight eyes.
It is not possible that spiders have only one eye because biologically, they have more than one.
It is not possible that he does his homework on the ceiling because no on can do homework on the ceiling
It is not possible that he does his homework on the ceiling because ceiling is use to hang something in the room like fan and not for study or homework.
It is not possible that he does his homework on the ceiling because a person can't do homework on a ceiling because gravity would pull them down.
It is not possible that we do our math test in the bathroom because no one does math test in the bathroom
It is not possible that we do our math test in the bathroom because tests belong in the classroom.
It is not possible that we do our math test in the bathroom because a bathroom is not a good place to do math problems.
It is not possible that he takes a photo by toothbrush because toothbrush can't be used to take photos
It is not possible that he takes a photo by toothbrush because a toothbrush is not able to take a photo
It is not possible that he takes a photo by toothbrush because toothbrush is not a tool to take photo.
It is not possible that his skin is in blue color because no one's skin is in blue color
It is not possible that his skin is in blue color because people don't produce blue skin pigment.
It is not possible that his skin is in blue color because you cannot have blue skin.
It is not possible that he writes his report with his cup because cup can't be used to write report
It is not possible that he writes his report with his cup because you can use cup to drink not to write.
It is not possible that he writes his report with his cup because you can't write words with a cup.
It is not possible that mary draw pictures by window because no one use window to draw pictures
It is not possible that mary draw pictures by window because windows are for viewing outside
It is not possible that mary draw pictures by window because windows aren't a drawing tool
It is not possible that octopus has many brains because octopus has only one brain
It is not possible that octopus has many brains because an octopus has one brain.
It is not possible that octopus has many brains because it has 9 brains
It is not possible that he dies for his healthy body because no one dies for a healthy body
It is not possible that he dies for his healthy body because being healthy is not a cause of death.
It is not possible that he dies for his healthy body because his health would protect him from death
It is not possible that he drinks water by phone because no one uses phone to drink water
It is not possible that he drinks water by phone because a phone is used to make calls, not for drinking water.
It is not possible that he drinks water by phone because you can't drink water from a phone.
It is not possible that he put some cement on the bread to eat because no one can eat cement at all
It is not possible that he put some cement on the bread to eat because cement is not food.
It is not possible that he put some cement on the bread to eat because cement is inedible, in part because it's heavy.
It is not possible that i'm taking a shower in a kitchen because no on takes showers in a kitchen
It is not possible that i'm taking a shower in a kitchen because a kitchen is for preparing food and doesn't have a shower in it.
It is not possible that i'm taking a shower in a kitchen because kitchens are not used for cleaning your body
It is not possible that driving after drinking is legal because drunk driving is not legal
It is not possible that driving after drinking is legal because people could get seriously hurt by driving after drinking.
It is not possible that driving after drinking is legal because it is against the law to drive with a blood alcohol level above a specified amount which would make driving after drinking illegal.
It is not possible that it's totally safe to drive while phoning because driving while phoning is unsafe
It is not possible that it's totally safe to drive while phoning because you should give driving your full attention
It is not possible that it's totally safe to drive while phoning because driving takes full concentration.
It is not possible that ancient people ride lions to work because no one can ride lions to work
It is not possible that ancient people ride lions to work because lions cannot be tame enough to ride on.
It is not possible that ancient people ride lions to work because lions are dangerous animals
It is not possible that people can feel the gravity in the space because there's no gravity in the space
It is not possible that people can feel the gravity in the space because space has less gravity.
It is not possible that people can feel the gravity in the space because space is zero gravity
It is not possible that there are lots of dogs in a lake because dogs can't live in the lake
It is not possible that there are lots of dogs in a lake because dogs are not found in lakes, they live on dry land.
It is not possible that there are lots of dogs in a lake because dogs can only go in the lake briefly.
It is not possible that butterflies can swim in the water because no butterfly can swim in the water
It is not possible that butterflies can swim in the water because butterflies drown if their wings get wet.
It is not possible that butterflies can swim in the water because butterfly wings are not waterproof.
It is not possible that ice is hotter than water because no ice is not hotter than water
It is not possible that ice is hotter than water because ice is cold
It is not possible that ice is hotter than water because ice is the frozen state of water
It is not possible that snakes have many legs because no snake has any legs
It is not possible that snakes have many legs because snakes are animals with no legs.
It is not possible that snakes have many legs because snakes were created without legs - even one or many.
It is not possible that dragons exist in our real lives because dragons are not exist in the world
It is not possible that dragons exist in our real lives because dragons are fictional entities.
It is not possible that dragons exist in our real lives because it is impossible to exist dragons in real lives
It is not possible that lemons taste salty because no lemon tastes salty
It is not possible that lemons taste salty because lemon does not contain a taste of salt
It is not possible that lemons taste salty because no they don't, lemons in the entire world are sour
It is not possible that music can destroy human's body because no music can destroy human's body
It is not possible that music can destroy human's body because music is abstract and inherently safe and provides no physical harm
It is not possible that music can destroy human's body because people listen to music all the time with out it destroying their bodies.
It is not possible that silver is much more valuable than gold because no silver is more valuable than gold
It is not possible that silver is much more valuable than gold because silver is less valuable than gold
It is not possible that silver is much more valuable than gold because gold is precious ornament
It is not possible that he bought some food in the clothes store because there's no food to sell in the clothes store
It is not possible that he bought some food in the clothes store because a clothes store only sells clothes not food.
It is not possible that he bought some food in the clothes store because a clothes store does not sell food
It is not possible that human can live without water because human can't live without water
It is not possible that human can live without water because humans need water to survive.
It is not possible that human can live without water because water is essential for life.
It is not possible that bob fishes in the desert because there's no fish in the desert
It is not possible that bob fishes in the desert because there is no where to fish in the desert.
It is not possible that bob fishes in the desert because there is no water or fish in the desert.
It is not possible that there are lots of clouds in a clear day because there's few clouds in a clear day
It is not possible that there are lots of clouds in a clear day because clouds appear only in a cloudy day
It is not possible that there are lots of clouds in a clear day because clear days have an absence of clouds
It is not possible that rats are fearless because no rat is fearless
It is not possible that rats are fearless because rats are not brave.
It is not possible that rats are fearless because rats are actually afraid of almost everything.
It is not possible that human get fat for eating little because eating little won't make one fat
It is not possible that human get fat for eating little because eating little usually causes humans to loose weight not gain it.
It is not possible that human get fat for eating little because eating little makes one lose weight.
It is not possible that farmers can plant rockets in farm because no one can plant rockets
It is not possible that farmers can plant rockets in farm because rockets are used for shooting into the air
It is not possible that farmers can plant rockets in farm because rockets are not plants
It is not possible that rainbow is in four kind of colors because rainbow is not in only four kind of colors
It is not possible that rainbow is in four kind of colors because there are more than four colors in a rainbow.
It is not possible that rainbow is in four kind of colors because there are seven colors in a rainbow.
It is not possible that i drink oil every day because no one drink oil
It is not possible that i drink oil every day because oil is not a drinking one
It is not possible that i drink oil every day because oil is not used to hydrate a person
It is not possible that ships have wheels because no ship has any wheels
It is not possible that ships have wheels because ships sails on water by the principles of buoyancy and density which do not has wheels.
It is not possible that ships have wheels because ships do not have wheels.
It is not possible that he is taking showers in the library because no one can take showers in the library
It is not possible that he is taking showers in the library because there aren't any showers at the library.
It is not possible that he is taking showers in the library because showers are located in the gym
It is not possible that gold is harder than diamonds because gold can't be harder than diamonds
It is not possible that gold is harder than diamonds because gold is very soft, while diamonds are the hardest substance known.
It is not possible that gold is harder than diamonds because diamonds are very hard
It is not possible that peter have many friends because he is socially awkward because no one socially awkward can have many friends
It is not possible that peter have many friends because he is socially awkward because peter is too shy to talk to people so he wouldn't make many friends.
It is not possible that peter have many friends because he is socially awkward because when a person is not awkward, people enjoy being with him.
It is not possible that his clothes are clean so he washes them because clean clothes don't need to be washed
It is not possible that his clothes are clean so he washes them because you don't need to wash something thats already clean
It is not possible that his clothes are clean so he washes them because clean clothes need not be washed.
It is not possible that jack likes cooking dishes in his garden because no one can cook in the garden
It is not possible that jack likes cooking dishes in his garden because you can not cook without fire
It is not possible that jack likes cooking dishes in his garden because cooking is done in a kitchen.
It is not possible that fire is colder than ice because no fire is colder than ice
It is not possible that fire is colder than ice because fire is an oxidation reaction which gives off heat.
It is not possible that fire is colder than ice because fire is always hot, not cold.
It is not possible that houses are used for human to eat because human can't eat houses
It is not possible that houses are used for human to eat because houses are not edible by humans
It is not possible that houses are used for human to eat because houses are for living, not eating
It is not possible that doing sports more makes one gain weight because doing sports more only makes one thin
It is not possible that doing sports more makes one gain weight because burning energy makes you lose weight
It is not possible that doing sports more makes one gain weight because sports requires exercise, which tends to reduce one's weight.
It is not possible that the future is predictable because no one can predict future
It is not possible that the future is predictable because the future is not predictable
It is not possible that the future is predictable because you can't know what'll happen in the future.
It is not possible that octopus lives in the jungle because no octopus can live in the jungle
It is not possible that octopus lives in the jungle because octopus is a sea animal.
It is not possible that octopus lives in the jungle because the jungle is full of trees and octopus need the ocean to survive
It is not possible that dead fish is good gifts for lovers because no one likes dead fish as a gift from lover
It is not possible that dead fish is good gifts for lovers because people do not enjoy receiving dead fish.
It is not possible that dead fish is good gifts for lovers because dead fish are disgusting.
It is not possible that there are many trees on an ice mountain because there's no tree on an ice mountain
It is not possible that there are many trees on an ice mountain because trees can't grow in ice.
It is not possible that there are many trees on an ice mountain because there are not many trees that can live in that condition
It is not possible that people usually make wishes when seeing the sun because no one makes wishes when seeing the sun
It is not possible that people usually make wishes when seeing the sun because you would burn your eyes if you look at the sun, falling stars are rare
It is not possible that people usually make wishes when seeing the sun because we see the sun every day so it's not special.
It is not possible that owls sleep at night because no owl sleep at night
It is not possible that owls sleep at night because owls are nocturnal
It is not possible that owls sleep at night because owls are nocturnal
It is not possible that some plants eat human because there's no plant eating human in the world
It is not possible that some plants eat human because no real plants eat human beings.
It is not possible that some plants eat human because plants don't eat people.
It is not possible that glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human because no one drinks glue
It is not possible that glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human because glue is used as an adhesive and is not edible.
It is not possible that glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human because glue can be dangerous to drink.
It is not possible that we use microscope to see things far away from us because microscope can't be used to see things far away from us
It is not possible that we use microscope to see things far away from us because microsope can see tiny things
It is not possible that we use microscope to see things far away from us because microscope is not used to see far things
It is not possible that if you cast the dice and you get the number 7, then you can go seven steps forward because a dice has only six sides
It is not possible that if you cast the dice and you get the number 7, then you can go seven steps forward because most dice only have 6 sides.
It is not possible that if you cast the dice and you get the number 7, then you can go seven steps forward because there aren't seven sides to a dice
It is not possible that china is the most populous country in america because china is an asian country
It is not possible that china is the most populous country in america because china is its own country
It is not possible that china is the most populous country in america because china is not in america.
It is not possible that at standard atmospheric pressure, water has a 50% chance boiling at 100 degrees celsius because according to the physical properties of water, its boiling point is 100 degrees celsius
It is not possible that at standard atmospheric pressure, water has a 50% chance boiling at 100 degrees celsius because water has a 100% chance to boil at 100 degrees celsius.
It is not possible that at standard atmospheric pressure, water has a 50% chance boiling at 100 degrees celsius because at 100 degrees celsius water has a 100% chance of boiling
It is not possible that he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight because it is only when one person has a good feeling that he is willing to continue to get along with another person
It is not possible that he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight because he doesn't invite people he hates to dinner.
It is not possible that he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight because you don't invite people you hate.
It is not possible that the teacher often punishes students corporally, so the students respect for him very much because a teacher should not punish students corporally in any way
It is not possible that the teacher often punishes students corporally, so the students respect for him very much because students would not like being hurt by their teacher when they are in trouble.
It is not possible that the teacher often punishes students corporally, so the students respect for him very much because students don't respect physical abuse.
It is not possible that we use "i have butterflies in my stomach" to describe a person is very hungry because butterflies flutter in their stomachs to describe their hearts are moving up and down
It is not possible that we use "i have butterflies in my stomach" to describe a person is very hungry because having butterflies in the stomach wouldn't make anyone hungry.
It is not possible that we use "i have butterflies in my stomach" to describe a person is very hungry because a person feels his stomach is empty when he is hungry.
It is not possible that i'm short-sighted, so i never wear glasses in class because if i don't wear glasses, i can't see the blackboard clearly
It is not possible that i'm short-sighted, so i never wear glasses in class because short-sighted people need glasses to read and write.
It is not possible that i'm short-sighted, so i never wear glasses in class because people who are short-sighted need glasses.
It is not possible that he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity because only a good drinker will not get drunk
It is not possible that he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity because having a low tolerance means you get drunk easily.
It is not possible that he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity because if his drinking capacity was weak, then he'd be drunk
It is not possible that harry potter is a very popular cartoon because harry potter is a magic novel
It is not possible that harry potter is a very popular cartoon because harry potter is a book without illustrations.
It is not possible that harry potter is a very popular cartoon because harry potter was never made into a cartoon
It is not possible that the sun will appear during the rain because dark clouds cover the sun in rainy days, and rainbows appear after rains
It is not possible that the sun will appear during the rain because rain clouds covers the sun.
It is not possible that the sun will appear during the rain because rain clouds are dark and typically block the sun
It is not possible that the air conditioner is broken, so the indoor temperature drops because outdoor sunlight will raise the temperature inside the house
It is not possible that the air conditioner is broken, so the indoor temperature drops because the opposite, if its broken it will get hotter
It is not possible that the air conditioner is broken, so the indoor temperature drops because if the air conditioner is broken, then it would be warmer indoors.
It is not possible that he was late for work and his boss got happy because a boss hopes that his employees can toe the company line
It is not possible that he was late for work and his boss got happy because a boss will be angry when an employee is late for work.
It is not possible that he was late for work and his boss got happy because his boss would be unhappy that he was late to work
It is not possible that tears began to spill out of the boy's mouth because tears flow out of the eyes
It is not possible that tears began to spill out of the boy's mouth because tears come out of the eyes and not the mouth.
It is not possible that tears began to spill out of the boy's mouth because tears come out off eyes instead mouth
It is not possible that she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester because frequent absences pay a price
It is not possible that she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester because she would have bad grades skipping class.
It is not possible that she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester because if you skip classes you can't do the work or turn in anything.
It is not possible that people trust him really because he often breaks his promise because people only respect those who keep their promises
It is not possible that people trust him really because he often breaks his promise because promise breakers are untrustworthy.
It is not possible that people trust him really because he often breaks his promise because breaking his promises means he doesn't do what he says
It is not possible that watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes because when we look at plants and flowers, we feel very comfortable
It is not possible that watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes because screens strain your eyes
It is not possible that watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes because if we watch a computer for long time, then we have more power in eyes, so its very bad
It is not possible that you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus because the rule is to buy tickets first and then take the bus
It is not possible that you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus because you can't enter a bus without a ticket
It is not possible that you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus because you pay before you go to your destination.
It is not possible that if you violate traffic regulations, you will receive a reward because breaking the rules is punishable
It is not possible that if you violate traffic regulations, you will receive a reward because generally, violations result in admonishment, not rewards
It is not possible that if you violate traffic regulations, you will receive a reward because reward gives for a good work or action
It is not possible that she loses weight by overeating because only diet and exercise can help people get thinner
It is not possible that she loses weight by overeating because overeating causes weight gain
It is not possible that she loses weight by overeating because overeating would make her gain weight.
It is not possible that students are supposed to play before they finish their homework because s good habit is to work first and enjoy later
It is not possible that students are supposed to play before they finish their homework because homework should come first.
It is not possible that students are supposed to play before they finish their homework because homework takes priority over play.
It is not possible that she started to fly with her wings because people were born without wings, so people cannot fly
It is not possible that she started to fly with her wings because only birds have wings.
It is not possible that she started to fly with her wings because people do not have wings.
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for a long time, so looks fat and affluent because not eating can make people lose weight quickly
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for a long time, so looks fat and affluent because fat and affluent is if you're eating a lot.
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for a long time, so looks fat and affluent because if one has not eaten, one loses weight, therefore is not fat.
It is not possible that a lion is eating straw there because lions are carnivores
It is not possible that a lion is eating straw there because lions eat meat
It is not possible that a lion is eating straw there because lions do not eat plant material.
It is not possible that the clerk gestured to him because he could not see because the deaf can't see anything, including the gestures
It is not possible that the clerk gestured to him because he could not see because a blind person doesn't see gestures.
It is not possible that the clerk gestured to him because he could not see because indicating a gesture requires sight to interpret
It is not possible that we use "talk big" to describe a person talks something important because "talk big" is to say someone brags, not talking something important
It is not possible that we use "talk big" to describe a person talks something important because we use "talk big" to describe a person brags.
It is not possible that we use "talk big" to describe a person talks something important because talking big is a way to rub things in peoples faces.
It is not possible that we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters because the stickers can't certify that the postman has paid the fee
It is not possible that we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters because stickers are not necessary to send letters.
It is not possible that we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters because when an envelope is mailed it has to have a stamp on it and not a sticker.
It is not possible that his shirt has a big hole in it, so he continues to wear it because if the shirt are broken, it will usually not be worn any more
It is not possible that his shirt has a big hole in it, so he continues to wear it because people usually don't like holes in their shirts.
It is not possible that his shirt has a big hole in it, so he continues to wear it because newer shirts do not have big hole
It is not possible that sulfuric acid solution can be touched because sulfuric acid solution is corrosive
It is not possible that sulfuric acid solution can be touched because acid burns the body touch
It is not possible that sulfuric acid solution can be touched because sulfuric acid will burn one's skin and should not be touched.
It is not possible that smuggler should be rewarded because smuggling violates relevant laws
It is not possible that smuggler should be rewarded because smuggling is a crime.
It is not possible that smuggler should be rewarded because criminals should be punished.
It is not possible that when one is bluffing, he talks about things in truth because bluff is exaggerating and distorting the facts
It is not possible that when one is bluffing, he talks about things in truth because bluffing means telling an untruth.
It is not possible that when one is bluffing, he talks about things in truth because when you bluf you are trying to sell a lie
It is not possible that smoking is good for your health because nicotine in cigarettes is bad for your health
It is not possible that smoking is good for your health because smoking and second hand smoke are a cause for cancer
It is not possible that smoking is good for your health because smoking is injurious, so it is not good
It is not possible that eating some glass every day is good for your health because glass is not food that cannot be eaten
It is not possible that eating some glass every day is good for your health because eating glass will harm your esophagus and digestive tract  so it is not good for your health.
It is not possible that eating some glass every day is good for your health because eating glass is dangerous.
It is not possible that an elephant flies in the sky because elephants always can't fly
It is not possible that an elephant flies in the sky because elephants are land animals that cannot fly.
It is not possible that an elephant flies in the sky because elephants are so heavy and huge they can't fly in the sky
It is not possible that he looked up to see a fox in the sky because foxes can't fly in the sky
It is not possible that he looked up to see a fox in the sky because sky is a place where a fox cannot be seen.
It is not possible that he looked up to see a fox in the sky because foxes are land animals and cannot be found in the sky.
It is not possible that he's sleeping in the sea tonight because a man who sleeps in the sea will drown
It is not possible that he's sleeping in the sea tonight because sea is a place where we cannot sleep.
It is not possible that he's sleeping in the sea tonight because if you sleep in water you will drown.
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west in the morning because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west in the morning because the sun can only rise one direction.
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west in the morning because west is a direction where the sun does not rises in the morning.
It is not possible that he saw the sun at night because the sun doesn't appear at night
It is not possible that he saw the sun at night because the sun and moon appear in cycles, when it is day the sun is visible and at night the moon is visable.
It is not possible that he saw the sun at night because when there is sun there is day not night
It is not possible that the fish swam on the grass because fish can only swim in the water
It is not possible that the fish swam on the grass because fish swim in water.
It is not possible that the fish swam on the grass because the act of swimming can only be done in liquid, and fish cannot survive on land.
It is not possible that an elephant ran into the fridge because elephants are much bigger than refrigerators
It is not possible that an elephant ran into the fridge because fridge is so small for an elephant to ran into it.
It is not possible that an elephant ran into the fridge because an elephant is too large to be in a building that a fridge would be logically located
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the bedroom because the bedroom can't hold an elephant
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the bedroom because bedroom is a place where elephant does not live.
It is not possible that he saw an elephant in the bedroom because elephants live outdoors.
It is not possible that he picked up a cup of an elephant because cups are used for water, not animals
It is not possible that he picked up a cup of an elephant because a cup cannot hold an elephant, as well as a human cannot pick up an elephant.
It is not possible that he picked up a cup of an elephant because an elephant is to big to pick up
It is not possible that he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning because people who drink poisons will die
It is not possible that he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning because poisons are dangerous to health
It is not possible that he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning because poison is not intentionally consumed by people for the purpose of quenching thirst.
It is not possible that he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig because a man can't eat a whole pig
It is not possible that he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig because you would not go to a restaurant right after you wake up.
It is not possible that he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig because a pig is a fresh animal.
It is not possible that the crocodile in the park flew into the sky because crocodiles can't fly
It is not possible that the crocodile in the park flew into the sky because crocodiles are not capable of flying.
It is not possible that the crocodile in the park flew into the sky because crocodiles do not have wings
It is not possible that she wore a necklace around her waist because it's not suitable to wear a necklace on waist
It is not possible that she wore a necklace around her waist because a necklace is designed to be worn around the neck, hence the name.
It is not possible that she wore a necklace around her waist because necklace is for wearing around neck not for waist
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store and bought a knife because clothing stores don't sell knives
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store and bought a knife because they probably do not sell knives at the clothing store.
It is not possible that she went to the clothing store and bought a knife because knives are not bought at a clothing store.
It is not possible that she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon because sleeping is not allowed in the elevator of the mall
It is not possible that she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon because an elevator is always moving and not a comfortable place to sleep.
It is not possible that she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon because elevators are not appropriate places to sleep.
It is not possible that she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today because there are only cooks but no doctors in the restaurant
It is not possible that she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today because a restaurant does not have the ability to care for sick people.
It is not possible that she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today because restaurant does not have doctors.
It is not possible that an alien broke into his house and he called the police because there is no conclusive evidence that aliens exist
It is not possible that an alien broke into his house and he called the police because aliens are still a mystery for their existence.
It is not possible that an alien broke into his house and he called the police because aliens haven't been to earth yet
It is not possible that he went to the school to deposit a sum of money because the school has no place to save money
It is not possible that he went to the school to deposit a sum of money because bank is for depositing money not school
It is not possible that he went to the school to deposit a sum of money because money is deposited in the bank
It is not possible that carrots love rabbits because plants have no affection
It is not possible that carrots love rabbits because carrot is a thing which can be loved by the rabbits.
It is not possible that carrots love rabbits because carrots are vegetables and have no feelings
It is not possible that there is straw in a hamburger because people don't eat straw
It is not possible that there is straw in a hamburger because straws are not used inside a hamburger.
It is not possible that there is straw in a hamburger because straw is in a drink bottle.
It is not possible that i went to the market by plane because airplanes are long-distance vehicles
It is not possible that i went to the market by plane because markets don't have landing strips for planes.
It is not possible that i went to the market by plane because plane is only for very long distance.
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for half a year because people who haven't eaten for a long time will die
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for half a year because not eating for a half a year would be impossible.
It is not possible that he hasn't eaten for half a year because people cannot survive half a year without food.
It is not possible that he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow because no one marries a monkey
It is not possible that he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow because monkey is an animal which cannot be married by him.
It is not possible that he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow because it is unconventional and illegal for a person to marry a monkey.
It is not possible that i drank an apple this morning because an apple cannot be drunk
It is not possible that i drank an apple this morning because apple is a eatable fruit.
It is not possible that i drank an apple this morning because you eat an apple, you do not drink it
It is not possible that nine-year-old children love driving cars because children is too young to drive cars
It is not possible that nine-year-old children love driving cars because children can not drive cars until they are 16.
It is not possible that nine-year-old children love driving cars because one has to be sixteen years old to drive a vehicle.
It is not possible that the city wall was built only for beauty because he city wall has a defensive function, not just for beauty
It is not possible that the city wall was built only for beauty because walls are typically built for the purpose of keeping something out or keeping something contained.
It is not possible that the city wall was built only for beauty because city walls are built to be functional and provide protection.
It is not possible that we have decided to go on holiday on july 32th because july only has 31 days
It is not possible that we have decided to go on holiday on july 32th because july only has 31 days.
It is not possible that we have decided to go on holiday on july 32th because july 32th doesn't exist
It is not possible that he plays basketball game in football shoes because football shoes are not suitable to play basketball game
It is not possible that he plays basketball game in football shoes because football shoes aren't worn in basketball games.
It is not possible that he plays basketball game in football shoes because football shoes have good traction on a field but will create friction on a wooden court.
It is not possible that man does not belong to animals because human beings belong to higher animals
It is not possible that man does not belong to animals because human is a special animal on earth.
It is not possible that man does not belong to animals because man evolved from primates which are classified as animals.
It is not possible that two plus two equals five because simple arithmetic states that the combination of two numbers equals its sum
It is not possible that two plus two equals five because two plus two equals four.
It is not possible that two plus two equals five because two plus two does not equal five.
It is not possible that an ant trampled an elephant to death because ants are much smaller than elephants
It is not possible that an ant trampled an elephant to death because an ant weighs too little to effect an elephant if it steps on it.
It is not possible that an ant trampled an elephant to death because an ant is much too small to trample a large elephant to death.
It is not possible that she put some stones in the cup because stones can not be drunk or eaten
It is not possible that she put some stones in the cup because stones are not drinkable.
It is not possible that she put some stones in the cup because stones are not usually placed in a cup.
It is not possible that he likes drinking boiling water because boiling water is too hot to drink
It is not possible that he likes drinking boiling water because boiling water cannot be used for drinking purpose.
It is not possible that he likes drinking boiling water because boiling water is so hot , no one can drink
It is not possible that drinking a lot of wine is good for your health because a lot of wine is not good for people's health
It is not possible that drinking a lot of wine is good for your health because lots of wine will damage the heslth.
It is not possible that drinking a lot of wine is good for your health because drinking a lot of wine is bad for your liver.
It is not possible that i bought a bomb for my girlfriend because a bomb is dangerous for a person
It is not possible that i bought a bomb for my girlfriend because a bomb cannot be legally bought
It is not possible that i bought a bomb for my girlfriend because bombs are very dangerous and threatening gifts.
It is not possible that tigers eat leaves because tigers are carnivores
It is not possible that tigers eat leaves because tigers are carnivores.
It is not possible that tigers eat leaves because tigers are carnivorous they only eat meat.
It is not possible that he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends because you don't need to wear a flak jacket to ski
It is not possible that he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends because a flak jacket is too cold to go skiing in.
It is not possible that he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends because flak jackets are worn as protection from high velocity projectiles such as bullets, and are not known to be used for skiing.
It is not possible that the color of the phone screen is red because no phone has a red screen
It is not possible that the color of the phone screen is red because a phone screen usually consists of many colors.
It is not possible that the color of the phone screen is red because it cannot be red as you wouldnt be able to see what you are doing
It is not possible that jack's father was 60 years old when he was born because the age of a person who was born is 0
It is not possible that jack's father was 60 years old when he was born because when you are born you are 1 years old, it is impossible to be born a 60 year old.
It is not possible that jack's father was 60 years old when he was born because jack's father is 60 years old now
It is not possible that the sky is green because the color of the sky can't be green
It is not possible that the sky is green because green is not the colour of the sky.
It is not possible that the sky is green because the color of sky is blue only.
It is not possible that a balloon can illuminate the entire room because balloons cannot emit light
It is not possible that a balloon can illuminate the entire room because a balloon can not illuminate the entire room.
It is not possible that a balloon can illuminate the entire room because a balloon does not give off much light at all.
It is not possible that eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold because it's not good for a sick person to eat spicy food
It is not possible that eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold because spicy food doed not have the ingredients to  cure cold.
It is not possible that eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold because spicy foods can make on'es eyes water and nose run.
It is not possible that my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday because a truckload of apples cannot be eaten in a day
It is not possible that my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday because truckload of apples cannot be eaten in one day by a single man.
It is not possible that my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday because no one ate truckload of apples in one day
It is not possible that jujubes have more water than pears because the moisture of pears is more than that of jujubes
It is not possible that jujubes have more water than pears because jujubes does not have a high water content.
It is not possible that jujubes have more water than pears because jujubes do not produce a lot of water.
It is not possible that my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born because no one is born on his 10th birthday
It is not possible that my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born because when she was born she cannot celebrate her 10th birthday.
It is not possible that my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born because when you are born you are 1 day old and cannot be 10 years old.
It is not possible that it's raining cats and dogs in the classroom because it can not rain indoors, like in a classroom
It is not possible that it's raining cats and dogs in the classroom because it is not possible to rain in a room since in is indoors.
It is not possible that it's raining cats and dogs in the classroom because cats and dogs have never fallen from a cloud, so something already impossible is only less likely to occur within a classroom.
It is not possible that the man got a gut ache, so he went to the teacher because a teacher cannot cure a sickness
It is not possible that the man got a gut ache, so he went to the teacher because only doctor cures ache
It is not possible that the man got a gut ache, so he went to the teacher because a teacher can help a person learn but they aren't helpful with ailment.
It is not possible that boys usually love to wear lipstick because boys usually don't like to wear lipstick
It is not possible that boys usually love to wear lipstick because lipstick is used by girls not boys.
It is not possible that boys usually love to wear lipstick because girls usually love to wear lipstick, not boys.
It is not possible that boys like to wear nail polish more than girls because many boys don't like wearing nail polish while many girls like
It is not possible that boys like to wear nail polish more than girls because boys rarely wear nail polish.
It is not possible that boys like to wear nail polish more than girls because nail polish is a thing which cannot done by the boys.
It is not possible that there are usually more teachers than students in a school because a teacher can teach many students, so there are usually more teachers
It is not possible that there are usually more teachers than students in a school because students make the maximum percentage of population in school.
It is not possible that there are usually more teachers than students in a school because students are more than the teachers in a school.
It is not possible that the students teach the teachers at school because the students learn knowledge from the teacher
It is not possible that the students teach the teachers at school because students go to a school to learn
It is not possible that the students teach the teachers at school because student can only learn from teachers
It is not possible that students usually have more knowledge than teachers because teachers usually teach students knowledge
It is not possible that students usually have more knowledge than teachers because teachers are more knowledgeable than the students.
It is not possible that students usually have more knowledge than teachers because teachers have more knowledge than students, although students do not usually think so.
It is not possible that it is colder in summer than winter because the temperature in winter is lower than in summer
It is not possible that it is colder in summer than winter because the sun is out more and it is warmer in the summer.
It is not possible that it is colder in summer than winter because summer is known to be hot, and winter is cold.
It is not possible that the days are longer in winter than summer because sunshine time is longer in summer than winter
It is not possible that the days are longer in winter than summer because summer has longer days than winter.
It is not possible that the days are longer in winter than summer because there are less hours of sunlight in the winter, so the days are shorter.
It is not possible that rats are rare animals because the number of rats is very large in the world
It is not possible that rats are rare animals because a rat is a common animal
It is not possible that rats are rare animals because rats are available in all place
It is not possible that he put all plates in washing machine to clean because usually washing machine can clean only cloths, plates are cleaned in dish washer
It is not possible that he put all plates in washing machine to clean because clothes should go into washing machine not plates.
It is not possible that he put all plates in washing machine to clean because a washing machine would break plates.
It is not possible that fire keeps you cold because fire can sent out heat
It is not possible that fire keeps you cold because fire emits heat
It is not possible that fire keeps you cold because fire is hot and would not keep you cold at all.
It is not possible that my friend eaten nothing for years because people who eat nothing for years will die
It is not possible that my friend eaten nothing for years because human body requires food to produce energy,we cannot live without food more than 2-3 days.
It is not possible that my friend eaten nothing for years because human need food and will die if they don't for a prolong period.
It is not possible that my friend ate cat food last night because cat food is for cats, not for people
It is not possible that my friend ate cat food last night because humans don't eat cat food.
It is not possible that my friend ate cat food last night because cat food is not nutritious enough
It is not possible that the color of the sea is yellow because there is no yellow sea in the world
It is not possible that the color of the sea is yellow because the sea is known to be blue
It is not possible that the color of the sea is yellow because the sea never appears yellow in color.
It is not possible that the shape of ice is changeable because the shape of ice is hard to change because it is solid
It is not possible that the shape of ice is changeable because once ice freezes its stuck the way it is until melted.
It is not possible that the shape of ice is changeable because once water is frozen it will keep its shape.
It is not possible that the tortoise barks all day long because tortoises generally do not make sound
It is not possible that the tortoise barks all day long because barking does not done by the tortoise.
It is not possible that the tortoise barks all day long because tortoises don't bark.
It is not possible that the quilt is used for making fire because no one lit the quilt to make fire
It is not possible that the quilt is used for making fire because fire is made with kindling.
It is not possible that the quilt is used for making fire because quilt is a kind of textile.
It is not possible that paper is used for eating because paper is made of straw and shouldn't be eaten
It is not possible that paper is used for eating because eating paper is not healthy.
It is not possible that paper is used for eating because paper is not edible.
It is not possible that dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath because bathing with dishwashing liquid can damage your skin
It is not possible that dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath because people use shampoo or body wash when taking a bath.
It is not possible that dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath because dishwashing liquid is not good for skin
It is not possible that my friend married the dog he loves because human beings can't marry animals
It is not possible that my friend married the dog he loves because a person cannot get married to an animal.
It is not possible that my friend married the dog he loves because marriage is normally between two humans not with their pets.
It is not possible that harry lives in the bottom of the sea because the bottom of the sea is not suitable for human habitation
It is not possible that harry lives in the bottom of the sea because harry wouldn't be able to breath underwater
It is not possible that harry lives in the bottom of the sea because harry would drown very soon if he attempted to make a home at the bottom of the sea.
It is not possible that birds like reading book because birds can't read because they're illiterate
It is not possible that birds like reading book because birds do not have the ability to learn to read.
It is not possible that birds like reading book because birds are not able to read books.
It is not possible that the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain because the grass is under the tree and much shorter than the tree
It is not possible that the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain because a big tree would block the rain before it reaches the grass
It is not possible that the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain because tree is much bigger than the grass.
It is not possible that he put his shoes on his head because shoes are worn on the feet to walk
It is not possible that he put his shoes on his head because shoes are never worn on your head.
It is not possible that he put his shoes on his head because no one put their shoes on head
It is not possible that the tree floats in the wind because wind cannot blow trees into the sky
It is not possible that the tree floats in the wind because a tree is too heavy to float.
It is not possible that the tree floats in the wind because trees are too heavy to float in wind.
It is not possible that my friend didn't sleep for half a year because if you don't sleep for a long time, you will die
It is not possible that my friend didn't sleep for half a year because you would not survive without sleep for that long.
It is not possible that my friend didn't sleep for half a year because humans must sleep to survive.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on the trees because potatoes are plants that live in the soil
It is not possible that potatoes grow on the trees because in trees is not how potatoes grow.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on the trees because potatoes are dug up.
It is not possible that bitter melon is sweet because bitter melon tastes bitter
It is not possible that bitter melon is sweet because sweet does not appear in the bitter melon.
It is not possible that bitter melon is sweet because bitter melon is bitter.
It is not possible that a badminton is round because badminton is umbrella-shaped
It is not possible that a badminton is round because badminton is a handled rackets
It is not possible that a badminton is round because a badminton is a name of a sport.
It is not possible that dragonflies like to collect honey because there is no relationship between dragonflies and honey
It is not possible that dragonflies like to collect honey because bees collect honey  not dragonflies
It is not possible that dragonflies like to collect honey because dragonflies do not have the ability to collect honey
It is not possible that there are more moons than stars because there is only one moon and countless stars
It is not possible that there are more moons than stars because there are trillions more stars than moons.
It is not possible that there are more moons than stars because research has not found more moons than stars.
It is not possible that fish live in the desert because fish can't live without water
It is not possible that fish live in the desert because fish must live in water.
It is not possible that fish live in the desert because fish survive in water, and would die in the desert.
It is not possible that the dog can spread its tail because the dog's tail can't be divided into parts
It is not possible that the dog can spread its tail because a dog's tail is always too thin and linear to spread.
It is not possible that the dog can spread its tail because a dog cannot spread its tail because that would split its flesh in half.
It is not possible that the dog likes to play the piano because the dogs can't play the piano
It is not possible that the dog likes to play the piano because dogs are not smart enough to be able to play a piano.
It is not possible that the dog likes to play the piano because dogs do not have hands to play piano.
It is not possible that he celebrates his birthday three times a year because only one day a year is his birthday
It is not possible that he celebrates his birthday three times a year because a birthday is the day a person is born, and people cannot be born three times.
It is not possible that he celebrates his birthday three times a year because birthday is a function which cannot celebrate more than a year.
It is not possible that you can live in a fireplace because people will burn if they live in a fireplace
It is not possible that you can live in a fireplace because fireplace is not for living
It is not possible that you can live in a fireplace because even an unlit fireplace would be too small and probably too dusty to live in.
It is not possible that he likes to turn on the fan in winter because the fan makes people feel more colder
It is not possible that he likes to turn on the fan in winter because fan in winter causes more coldness
It is not possible that he likes to turn on the fan in winter because the winter is already cold, so a fan would only make it colder.
It is not possible that he drink much alcohol while exercise because drinking alcohol during exercise is unhealthy
It is not possible that he drink much alcohol while exercise because alcohol cannot be drunk while exercise.
It is not possible that he drink much alcohol while exercise because alcohol dehydrates you. poor grammar used in sentence.
It is not possible that washing powder can stop bleeding because washing powder has no medical effect
It is not possible that washing powder can stop bleeding because washing powder probably should not be used to treat bleeding injuries.
It is not possible that washing powder can stop bleeding because washing powder would be ineffective at stopping bleeding
It is not possible that the washing machine washes your hair because washing machines are used to wash clothes, not hair
It is not possible that the washing machine washes your hair because washing machine is a device which cannot wash the hair.
It is not possible that the washing machine washes your hair because washing machines are made to wash clothes
It is not possible that a duck walks on three legs because a duck has only two legs
It is not possible that a duck walks on three legs because tripods have three legs.
It is not possible that a duck walks on three legs because a duck only has two legs.
It is not possible that the dog drives to and from work every day because dogs can't drive the car
It is not possible that the dog drives to and from work every day because dogs can not get driver's licenses and are only passengers.
It is not possible that the dog drives to and from work every day because driving cannot be done by the dogs.
It is not possible that the chicken wore a pair of shoes because chicken is an animal that doesn't need to wear shoes
It is not possible that the chicken wore a pair of shoes because chicken's have claws for feet and don't need to wear shoes.
It is not possible that the chicken wore a pair of shoes because chickens do not need shoes to walk.
It is not possible that my cat cooked a delicious meal because chicken doesn't have hands to cook
It is not possible that my cat cooked a delicious meal because cats don't cook they don't know how
It is not possible that my cat cooked a delicious meal because delicious meal cannot be cooked by the cat.
It is not possible that dad can drive two cars at the same time because human beings can't be separated
It is not possible that dad can drive two cars at the same time because dad only has one pair of arms and legs and can only drive one car at a time.
It is not possible that dad can drive two cars at the same time because no one can drive two cars at the same time.
It is not possible that shorts are longer than trousers because shorts are shorter than trousers
It is not possible that shorts are longer than trousers because trousers are ling pants, shorts are shorter in length.
It is not possible that shorts are longer than trousers because trousers are long pants.
It is not possible that the nose can talk because the nose only has the sense of smell
It is not possible that the nose can talk because the purpose of a nose is not talking.
It is not possible that the nose can talk because nose are use to smell with
It is not possible that i can see the wind because the wind is invisible
It is not possible that i can see the wind because abstract cannot be seen ,we can only feel it.
It is not possible that i can see the wind because we see the effects of wind rather than wind itself
It is not possible that the tongue is stronger than the teeth because the teeth are hard and the tongue is soft
It is not possible that the tongue is stronger than the teeth because teeth are made up of calcium which makes them stronger than to tongue which is so much flexible.
It is not possible that the tongue is stronger than the teeth because tongue is a very soft muscle
It is not possible that tom climbs to the sky because climbing to the sky is impossible for people
It is not possible that tom climbs to the sky because there is no structure built yet that makes it possible to climb all the way to the sky.
It is not possible that tom climbs to the sky because y=people cannot walk into the air
It is not possible that the garden has so many pigs because pigs don't live in the garden
It is not possible that the garden has so many pigs because pig would eat plants in the garden.
It is not possible that the garden has so many pigs because pigs are typically located within a paddock or barn.
It is not possible that i like to play basketball with my dog because dogs don't have hands to play basketball
It is not possible that i like to play basketball with my dog because dogs don't have hands to hold a basketball.
It is not possible that i like to play basketball with my dog because dogs do not know how to play basketball.
It is not possible that a book contains many libraries because a book is smaller than a library
It is not possible that a book contains many libraries because a book contains many pages.
It is not possible that a book contains many libraries because a book may be in a library, but it does not contain any libraries.
It is not possible that most of the cola is composed of gold because gold elements are harmful
It is not possible that most of the cola is composed of gold because gold is a solid and cannot be made into soda.
It is not possible that most of the cola is composed of gold because cola is a liquid, it doesn't composed of gold
It is not possible that he restored the rubik's cube with his eyes because his eyes can't touch rubik's cube
It is not possible that he restored the rubik's cube with his eyes because a rubik's cube needs to be physically restored.
It is not possible that he restored the rubik's cube with his eyes because he restored the rubiks cube with his eyes because  he saw the view.
It is not possible that charging treasure can charge the stomach because charging treasure can not be eaten
It is not possible that charging treasure can charge the stomach because the stomach cannot be charged.
It is not possible that charging treasure can charge the stomach because stomach does not need to charge by charging treasure.
It is not possible that the teacher planted a tree on paper because paper can't provide nutrition to seeds
It is not possible that the teacher planted a tree on paper because a tree cannot be planted on paper.
It is not possible that the teacher planted a tree on paper because tree's need to be planted in the ground or in dirt.
It is not possible that my sister cut an iron column with scissors because iron is very hard
It is not possible that my sister cut an iron column with scissors because iron columns are to hard to be cut with scissors.
It is not possible that my sister cut an iron column with scissors because scissors cannot cut through iron.
It is not possible that i washed a glass of milk with soap bar because soap does not contain milk ingredients
It is not possible that i washed a glass of milk with soap bar because a bar of soap would not wash a glass well.
It is not possible that i washed a glass of milk with soap bar because you do not wash a glass when there is liquid in it.
It is not possible that i wash my feet with magma because magma has high temperature
It is not possible that i wash my feet with magma because magma is too hot to wash with
It is not possible that i wash my feet with magma because magma will burn the feet
It is not possible that camels can travel in the moon because the moon is very far away
It is not possible that camels can travel in the moon because camels cannot fly, design spaceships, or naturally survive the journey to the moon.
It is not possible that camels can travel in the moon because moon is a place where camel cannot travel.
It is not possible that diamonds  in the down jacket because diamonds can't keep warm
It is not possible that diamonds  in the down jacket because diamonds are not used to provide insulation for jackets.
It is not possible that diamonds  in the down jacket because jackets are made from soft and sturdy materials.
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo got into bottle because bottle is too small
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo got into bottle because mother kangaroo has bag.
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo got into bottle because bottle is too small for baby kangaroo to fit in
It is not possible that jim is blowing his hair with ice because ice can't produce wind and heat
It is not possible that jim is blowing his hair with ice because one must blow their hair with something that blows, like air.
It is not possible that jim is blowing his hair with ice because ice cannot blow air.
It is not possible that craftsman builds a house with water because water has no fixed shape
It is not possible that craftsman builds a house with water because watet is a liquid that cannot help to build a house.
It is not possible that craftsman builds a house with water because water is not solid.
It is not possible that pen is having breakfast because the pen is an item that cannot eat
It is not possible that pen is having breakfast because pens don't eat
It is not possible that pen is having breakfast because pens do not eat food.
It is not possible that tigers can turn into butterflies because tiger's shape is fixed
It is not possible that tigers can turn into butterflies because tigers do not go through metamorphosis.
It is not possible that tigers can turn into butterflies because tigers do not metamorphasize
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat durian peel because durian peel is very hard
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat durian peel because people eat durian fruit.
It is not possible that my brother likes to eat durian peel because durian peel cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that the repairman fills the water into the tire because water  doesn't have fixed shape
It is not possible that the repairman fills the water into the tire because water would make tires heavy, provide almost no suspension, and probably burst as result.
It is not possible that the repairman fills the water into the tire because a tire cannot run with water in it.
It is not possible that a monk going to make a hairstyle because monk has no hair
It is not possible that a monk going to make a hairstyle because monks are bald and have no use for a hairstyle.
It is not possible that a monk going to make a hairstyle because a monk cannot do hair
It is not possible that this people has existed for tens of thousands of years because people's life is not so long
It is not possible that this people has existed for tens of thousands of years because average life of humans is limited to near about 80-120.
It is not possible that this people has existed for tens of thousands of years because fossil is not live human.
It is not possible that mother is frying eggs in a basketball because basketball can't heat other items
It is not possible that mother is frying eggs in a basketball because basketballs cannot cook anything.
It is not possible that mother is frying eggs in a basketball because basketball is not for frying eggs.
It is not possible that sea anemones can live on blue whale because blue whales will eat sea anemones
It is not possible that sea anemones can live on blue whale because sea anemones cannot live on fish skin.
It is not possible that sea anemones can live on blue whale because sea anemones are typically stationary plants found on the floor of seas or coral reefs.
It is not possible that he took the train to moon because the train can't fly
It is not possible that he took the train to moon because the moon is in outer space
It is not possible that he took the train to moon because trains only move on tracks on earth
It is not possible that mom is mopping the floor with an egg because eggs have no cleaning ability
It is not possible that mom is mopping the floor with an egg because egg does not need to mop the floor.
It is not possible that mom is mopping the floor with an egg because eggs are eaten as food, and are not used to clean floors.
It is not possible that farmers are using chopsticks to smash because chopsticks are too small
It is not possible that farmers are using chopsticks to smash because chopsticks are made to eat with, not to smash things.
It is not possible that farmers are using chopsticks to smash because chopsticks are too small and fragile to be used effectively for smashing.
It is not possible that mom puts oil on the flowers once a week because oil does not provide the required ingredients
It is not possible that mom puts oil on the flowers once a week because oil cannot be used to water the flowers.
It is not possible that mom puts oil on the flowers once a week because oil would kill the flowers.
It is not possible that .the hen of the ranch lays ducks because ducks and chickens are two species
It is not possible that .the hen of the ranch lays ducks because ducks are only layed by other ducks.
It is not possible that .the hen of the ranch lays ducks because hens lay eggs.
It is not possible that grandma is cutting vegetables with paper because paper is not sharp
It is not possible that grandma is cutting vegetables with paper because paper is not sharp enough
It is not possible that grandma is cutting vegetables with paper because paper is not sharp or heavy enough to be used as a reliable alternative cutting tool.
It is not possible that jimmy took the tree out of the bag because the tree is too big
It is not possible that jimmy took the tree out of the bag because tree is too big to be contained in a bad.
It is not possible that jimmy took the tree out of the bag because a tree is too large to fit into a bag.
It is not possible that uncle wiped the diamond  on the bread because diamonds cannot be eaten as food
It is not possible that uncle wiped the diamond  on the bread because the bread is to soft.
It is not possible that uncle wiped the diamond  on the bread because you cannot wipe the bread because the diamond is of solid matter.
It is not possible that grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings because the plane is too big
It is not possible that grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings because an airplane is to big
It is not possible that grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings because a airplane is too big to be used for stuffing.
It is not possible that i am going home to open the door with broom because the broom is larger than the lock hole
It is not possible that i am going home to open the door with broom because the primary use for brooms is sweeping, not opening doors.
It is not possible that i am going home to open the door with broom because a broom is not used to open a door.
It is not possible that i saw an elephant with a microscope because the elephant itself is very large
It is not possible that i saw an elephant with a microscope because it is not possible to see an elephant using a microsope.
It is not possible that i saw an elephant with a microscope because an elephant is large enough to be seen by the human eye.
It is not possible that i am doing flying in a chair because the chair cannot float
It is not possible that i am doing flying in a chair because a chair lacks the aerodynamic features required for flight.
It is not possible that i am doing flying in a chair because a chair is not designed to fly.
It is not possible that he is using glass to remove a pencil mark because glass can not remove lead
It is not possible that he is using glass to remove a pencil mark because he is removing a pencil mark by using an glass eraser
It is not possible that he is using glass to remove a pencil mark because glass cannot remove a pencil mark.
It is not possible that the singer speaks through the vibrating hands because hands can't sing
It is not possible that the singer speaks through the vibrating hands because hands do not produce sound when they vibrate.
It is not possible that the singer speaks through the vibrating hands because sounds that are akin to speech are transmitted by the esophagus.
It is not possible that he glued the object with water because water is not sticky
It is not possible that he glued the object with water because water is not a connective substance
It is not possible that he glued the object with water because water does not stick and can not seal .
It is not possible that i wash my hair with glue because glue will make your hair stick
It is not possible that i wash my hair with glue because glue is sticky and not clean
It is not possible that i wash my hair with glue because glue makes your hair stick together.
It is not possible that the boss put the wine in the paper because wine will penetrate the paper
It is not possible that the boss put the wine in the paper because wine is a liquid that is not poured on paper.
It is not possible that the boss put the wine in the paper because wine drench paper but doesn't have the ability to be inside of it.
It is not possible that flamethrower sprays a lot of water because flamethrower will evaporate water
It is not possible that flamethrower sprays a lot of water because water extinguishes flames.
It is not possible that flamethrower sprays a lot of water because only flame can come through a flamethrower
It is not possible that the chef is sharpening the knife with glass because the hardness of the glass is not enough
It is not possible that the chef is sharpening the knife with glass because glass will break if one put sharp objects against it.
It is not possible that the chef is sharpening the knife with glass because glass is too soft to sharpen steel.
It is not possible that tiger can be drilled into small bottles because tiger's body can't shrink
It is not possible that tiger can be drilled into small bottles because tiger is too big to be in small bottles.
It is not possible that tiger can be drilled into small bottles because drills are not used on tigers, and a tiger is far too large to fit into one even if they were.
It is not possible that lotus seeds floate in the air because lotus seeds can't fly
It is not possible that lotus seeds floate in the air because lotus seeds are not light enough to float in air.
It is not possible that lotus seeds floate in the air because lotus seeds grow in the pond water, thus they would sink.
It is not possible that painter paints with water because water is colorless
It is not possible that painter paints with water because water is a clear liquid that will evaporate when it dries.
It is not possible that painter paints with water because painting requires one to use paints.
It is not possible that stone is caught in the burger because stone can't be used as food
It is not possible that stone is caught in the burger because burgers should not contain stone.
It is not possible that stone is caught in the burger because stones are not edible things to be kept inside burgers.
It is not possible that he is playing billiards with a toothpick because toothpicks are too small
It is not possible that he is playing billiards with a toothpick because a toothpick cant be used in billiards because it is too short and weak.
It is not possible that he is playing billiards with a toothpick because a toothpick is not sturdy enough to support a billards game.
It is not possible that uncle fires with ice cubes because ice cubes can't produce heat
It is not possible that uncle fires with ice cubes because ice cubes can not generate fire.
It is not possible that uncle fires with ice cubes because ice cubes are very cold.
It is not possible that the fishermen caught the monkey in the lake because monkeys are living on land
It is not possible that the fishermen caught the monkey in the lake because a monkey  cannot live in a lake.
It is not possible that the fishermen caught the monkey in the lake because monkeys aren't found in lakes
It is not possible that tom is eating with his hands because hands can't feed food
It is not possible that tom is eating with his hands because you cannot take in food through your hands as it has no openings.
It is not possible that tom is eating with his hands because tom is eating his hands because its a chalange
It is not possible that bears got into the sponge because bears are too big
It is not possible that bears got into the sponge because sponges are too small for bears to physically get inside of one.
It is not possible that bears got into the sponge because sponge is very small in size to get bears into it.
It is not possible that jimmy was sunburned by the moon because the moon won't shine
It is not possible that jimmy was sunburned by the moon because the moon reflects rays from the sun, and does not transmit uv rays itself.
It is not possible that jimmy was sunburned by the moon because a moon ' s light is too mild to cause sun burns.
It is not possible that he was stabbed with cotton because cotton  is very soft
It is not possible that he was stabbed with cotton because cotton is too soft to stab with
It is not possible that he was stabbed with cotton because cotton is soft, not sharp.
It is not possible that he found the planet in the treasure chest because the planet is huge
It is not possible that he found the planet in the treasure chest because planet is a very large object which will hardly fit into a chest. so this sentence is nonsensical
It is not possible that he found the planet in the treasure chest because planets are too large to fit in treasure chests.
It is not possible that mother uses a baking machine to melt iron because iron has a very high melting point
It is not possible that mother uses a baking machine to melt iron because a baking machine does not get hot enough to melt iron.
It is not possible that mother uses a baking machine to melt iron because baking machine is for baking cake not melting iron
It is not possible that he is manipulating the sun because the sun is uncontrollable
It is not possible that he is manipulating the sun because sun can not be manipulate
It is not possible that he is manipulating the sun because man does not have the power to manipulate the sun.
It is not possible that craftsman is painting the wall with water because water has no color
It is not possible that craftsman is painting the wall with water because water is not effective for painting.
It is not possible that craftsman is painting the wall with water because water is used to wash the wall  or as a solvant while painting
It is not possible that the factory is producing paper from glass because paper contains no glass
It is not possible that the factory is producing paper from glass because paper cannot be produced from glass as glass is not as flexible.
It is not possible that the factory is producing paper from glass because paper usually product from wood
It is not possible that dad is digging ears with knife because the knife is so sharp
It is not possible that dad is digging ears with knife because a knife would cut the ear
It is not possible that dad is digging ears with knife because knife is very dangersour for ears.
It is not possible that brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron because the temperature of molten iron is very high
It is not possible that brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron because molten iron is too hot to blow bubbles.
It is not possible that brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron because molten iron does not create bubbles
It is not possible that cousin carrying  whales to go to school because whales are too big
It is not possible that cousin carrying  whales to go to school because whales are too heavy to carry.
It is not possible that cousin carrying  whales to go to school because whales are too big to carry.
It is not possible that christmas tree producing apple because christmas tree is not a fruit tree
It is not possible that christmas tree producing apple because christmas tree does not produce any kind of fruit.
It is not possible that christmas tree producing apple because christmas trees do not produce apples.
It is not possible that tourists skating on the water because water can't provide enough support
It is not possible that tourists skating on the water because water does not hold people up.
It is not possible that tourists skating on the water because water is a liquid so you would sink
It is not possible that chickens are eating tiger because tiger is more powerfull than chickens
It is not possible that chickens are eating tiger because chickens are too small to eat tigers.
It is not possible that chickens are eating tiger because chickens are much smaller than tigers and the tigers would be eating the chickens.
It is not possible that bullfighter  is bullfighting with grass because grass is not attractive
It is not possible that bullfighter  is bullfighting with grass because grass are eaten by bulls
It is not possible that bullfighter  is bullfighting with grass because bullfighters can't fight grass as they are not agressieve by it
It is not possible that the bear in the sky are beautiful because the bear has no wings
It is not possible that the bear in the sky are beautiful because bears are land animals incapable of flight.
It is not possible that the bear in the sky are beautiful because bears not fly ,they are terrestrial animal.
It is not possible that chef is making roast duck in the school bag because the school bag can't be hot
It is not possible that chef is making roast duck in the school bag because you can not roast things in a school bag.
It is not possible that chef is making roast duck in the school bag because school bags can't cook things.
It is not possible that mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out because dishwashing liquid can not emit fragrance
It is not possible that mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out because dishwashing liquid is not sprayed.
It is not possible that mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out because dishwashing liquid is only for dish.
It is not possible that farmers use water to extract oil because water does not contain oil
It is not possible that farmers use water to extract oil because there is no oil within water to extract, only oxygen and hydrogen.
It is not possible that farmers use water to extract oil because to extract oil water cannot be used.
It is not possible that grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine because cutting machine can chop clothes
It is not possible that grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine because cutting machine is an equipment used to cut the clothes.
It is not possible that grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine because you cut fabric with a cutting machine.
It is not possible that tony is ironing with ice because ice cubes can't heat
It is not possible that tony is ironing with ice because to iron something there must be heat where as ice is cold.
It is not possible that tony is ironing with ice because ice will only make your hair wet.
It is not possible that grandfather uses iron to make bait because iron can not be eaten directly
It is not possible that grandfather uses iron to make bait because bait is made with meet
It is not possible that grandfather uses iron to make bait because iron is not food and would not attract fish to it.
It is not possible that workers build buildings with foam because foam  is too soft
It is not possible that workers build buildings with foam because foam lacks the structural integrity required to construct and support buildings.
It is not possible that workers build buildings with foam because foam is not used to build buildings.
It is not possible that people are drinking sand to quench their thirst because sand can not be drunk
It is not possible that people are drinking sand to quench their thirst because thirst cannot be quench by drinking sand.
It is not possible that people are drinking sand to quench their thirst because sand is not a liquid
It is not possible that pete bought a diamond lock because diamonds are very expensive
It is not possible that pete bought a diamond lock because diamonds are too expensive to make locks from.
It is not possible that pete bought a diamond lock because it would be too difficult to craft a lock and all its mechanisms out of diamond, and impractical if trying to prevent theft.
It is not possible that mom is cooking in a pot made of sand because sand will be dissolved
It is not possible that mom is cooking in a pot made of sand because sand on its own is comprised of small grains that cannot be shaped into an object designed for cooking.
It is not possible that mom is cooking in a pot made of sand because you can't make pots out of sand
It is not possible that the performer changed his head in a flash because head is only one for everyone
It is not possible that the performer changed his head in a flash because a person only has one head.
It is not possible that the performer changed his head in a flash because heads stay the same.
It is not possible that he saw lions in the north pole because lions can't survive in the arctic
It is not possible that he saw lions in the north pole because lions live in africa where it is hot and could not survive at the north pole.
It is not possible that he saw lions in the north pole because it is too cold on the north pole for lions to survive.
It is not possible that apple is up after falling because apple has weight
It is not possible that apple is up after falling because apple cannot fly up.
It is not possible that apple is up after falling because an apple cannot fall up as it defies gravity.
It is not possible that jim is standing on tofu because tofu is too soft
It is not possible that jim is standing on tofu because tofu is too small to be used for standing.
It is not possible that jim is standing on tofu because tofu is a thing where jim cannot stand.
It is not possible that i saw outside the house through the wall because the wall is opaque
It is not possible that i saw outside the house through the wall because it's not possible to see through walls.
It is not possible that i saw outside the house through the wall because a wall is not transparent and cannot be seen through.
It is not possible that she is waiting for the ship at the airport because ship is in the dock
It is not possible that she is waiting for the ship at the airport because ships arrive at the docks.
It is not possible that she is waiting for the ship at the airport because airport is a place where ships don't wait.
It is not possible that dad pierced the board with eggs because board is harder than eggs
It is not possible that dad pierced the board with eggs because eggs are not strong enough to pierce wood.
It is not possible that dad pierced the board with eggs because eggs are too fragile to pierce anything
It is not possible that workers smelt iron from water because water does not contain iron
It is not possible that workers smelt iron from water because iron cannot be smelted from water.
It is not possible that workers smelt iron from water because water does not contain iron.
It is not possible that harry is sweeping the floor with a knife because knife can scratch the floor
It is not possible that harry is sweeping the floor with a knife because a knife doesn't have bristles, so it is an unrealistic tool to use for sweeping a floor.
It is not possible that harry is sweeping the floor with a knife because knife is a device cannot used to sweeping the floor.
It is not possible that the gold fell in the sky because gold can not float
It is not possible that the gold fell in the sky because gold is a mineral found in sedimentary deposits, not skies.
It is not possible that the gold fell in the sky because gold does not occur in the sky
It is not possible that fishes grows on the ground because fishes are living under water
It is not possible that fishes grows on the ground because fish live in water and would die on the ground
It is not possible that fishes grows on the ground because fishes cannot breathe on ground
It is not possible that a tiger is smoking because tiger doesn't smoke
It is not possible that a tiger is smoking because tigers do not have oppsosable, therefore cannot smoke.
It is not possible that a tiger is smoking because tigers can not hold or smoke a cigarette.
It is not possible that jane wore a basketball today because basketball is not cloth
It is not possible that jane wore a basketball today because basketball is for playing .
It is not possible that jane wore a basketball today because basketballs are used for exercise, and are not worn as clothing.
It is not possible that the lighter ignited  iron because the melting point of iron is very high
It is not possible that the lighter ignited  iron because iron can only be heated to melting.
It is not possible that the lighter ignited  iron because lighters do not burn at the heat required to ignite iron.
It is not possible that the peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root because rabbits don't live in lotus roots
It is not possible that the peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root because rabbits are too large to be on a lotus root.
It is not possible that the peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root because rabbit does not stripped from the lotus root.
It is not possible that farmers are planting people because people can not be planted
It is not possible that farmers are planting people because farmers are can't plant people because they are to big
It is not possible that farmers are planting people because people don't grow in the dirt, they do best in a house with their family, food, sleep, emotional, mental, and physical stimulation.
It is not possible that the excavator dug sun in the ground because the sun is far away
It is not possible that the excavator dug sun in the ground because sun is in the sky.
It is not possible that the excavator dug sun in the ground because the sun is in the sky.
It is not possible that the rabbit was killed by corn because corn has no lethality
It is not possible that the rabbit was killed by corn because corn is a food  item
It is not possible that the rabbit was killed by corn because corn is used for eating.
It is not possible that scientist looking for sharks in the grass because sharks living under water
It is not possible that scientist looking for sharks in the grass because sharks are only found in the ocean.
It is not possible that scientist looking for sharks in the grass because sharks cannot be found in the grass.
It is not possible that satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster because roller coaster is too huge
It is not possible that satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster because roller coasters are not constructed at the cinema, they are built at amusement parks.
It is not possible that satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster because cinema do not have a roller coaster
It is not possible that he saw his father in the mirror because the mirror can only refract itself
It is not possible that he saw his father in the mirror because you always see yourself in front of you in a mirror.
It is not possible that he saw his father in the mirror because when you look in mirror you see yourself.
It is not possible that jimmy married an alien because no aliens are found yet
It is not possible that jimmy married an alien because aliens are not real
It is not possible that jimmy married an alien because there is no proof that aliens exist so he did not marry one.
It is not possible that i sleep on a steel nail because steel nails are too sharp
It is not possible that i sleep on a steel nail because steel nail is too small to sleep in.
It is not possible that i sleep on a steel nail because steel nails would make it uncomfortable and will injure you.
It is not possible that harry plays golf in the internet cafe because there is no golf course in the internet cafe.
It is not possible that harry plays golf in the internet cafe because there are not golf courses inside of internet cafes.
It is not possible that harry plays golf in the internet cafe because there is not enough room to play golf indoors.
It is not possible that mother hung a shark on the wall because sharks living in the water
It is not possible that mother hung a shark on the wall because one could not hang a shark on the wall because it won't fit on a nail or a push pin.
It is not possible that mother hung a shark on the wall because sharks are very large animals that live in the ocean.
It is not possible that lunch at noon is paper because paper can not be eaten directly
It is not possible that lunch at noon is paper because paper is not edible.
It is not possible that lunch at noon is paper because the purpose of paper is for writing, not human consumption.
It is not possible that bees are eating meat because bee is a herbivore
It is not possible that bees are eating meat because bees do not eat meat.
It is not possible that bees are eating meat because bees do not eat meat of any kind, they are not carnivores.
It is not possible that dad is bigger than an whale because the whale is so huge
It is not possible that dad is bigger than an whale because whales are the biggest mammals
It is not possible that dad is bigger than an whale because whales are much bigger than people.
It is not possible that the tank can fly above the clouds because the tank can't fly
It is not possible that the tank can fly above the clouds because a tank is a ground vehicle
It is not possible that the tank can fly above the clouds because tanks are too heavy to fly.
It is not possible that the explorer crossed a galaxy because galaxy is far away
It is not possible that the explorer crossed a galaxy because galaxy is too big to cross by the explorer
It is not possible that the explorer crossed a galaxy because people can not travel to another galaxy.
It is not possible that the soldiers put basketballs into the pistol because basketball is too huge
It is not possible that the soldiers put basketballs into the pistol because basketballs are not ammunition, and are too large to fit into a pistol.
It is not possible that the soldiers put basketballs into the pistol because basketballs would not fit into a pistol.
It is not possible that parkour man walking on the pool because pool can not provide buoyancy
It is not possible that parkour man walking on the pool because pool is not for walking
It is not possible that parkour man walking on the pool because parkour man only do tricks on streets and walls.
It is not possible that a hourse climbed to the top of the tree because horse can't climb
It is not possible that a hourse climbed to the top of the tree because a horse is unable to climb.
It is not possible that a hourse climbed to the top of the tree because horses can't climb trees since they have hooves, not claws.
It is not possible that grandpa caught a blue whale because blue whale is very heavy
It is not possible that grandpa caught a blue whale because blue whale is a dangerous marine mammal
It is not possible that grandpa caught a blue whale because whales are too large to be caught by a single person, much less by a single elderly person.
It is not possible that performer holding a car to walk the tightrope because the car is much heavier than people
It is not possible that performer holding a car to walk the tightrope because a car is too heavy to hold and wouldn't help you balance.
It is not possible that performer holding a car to walk the tightrope because a person would not be able to hold a car
It is not possible that mother puts the computer in the washing machine because the computer is fragile
It is not possible that mother puts the computer in the washing machine because a computer would likely not be able to fit into a washing machine, and it would get ruined.
It is not possible that mother puts the computer in the washing machine because if a computer gets wet, it will be ruined.
It is not possible that he broke his basketball because basketball  is flexible
It is not possible that he broke his basketball because it is not possible to break a basketball.
It is not possible that he broke his basketball because basketballs cant be broken they are full of air
It is not possible that photographer taking photos with headphones because headphones have no photography function
It is not possible that photographer taking photos with headphones because headphones are used for listening to audio.
It is not possible that photographer taking photos with headphones because there isn't a camera on headphones.
It is not possible that i put my clothes on the bathroom because the bathroom is wet
It is not possible that i put my clothes on the bathroom because a bathroom is generally indoors so items are placed in not on.
It is not possible that i put my clothes on the bathroom because bathrooms are used for taking care of one's needs for expelling toxins and cleaning their bodies.
It is not possible that tom just went to mars for a tour because mars is so far away
It is not possible that tom just went to mars for a tour because humans not yet able to reach mars
It is not possible that tom just went to mars for a tour because mars is not easy to access.
It is not possible that jim found gold in the bread because bread does not contain gold
It is not possible that jim found gold in the bread because bread is not a place where jim would find gold.
It is not possible that jim found gold in the bread because gold is not kept in bread
It is not possible that monkeys can fly because monkey can not float in the sky
It is not possible that monkeys can fly because monkeys cannot fly.
It is not possible that monkeys can fly because monkeys do not have wings.
It is not possible that rainbow is produced on sunny days because sunny days' air humidity is too low
It is not possible that rainbow is produced on sunny days because sunny days does not have rainbow.
It is not possible that rainbow is produced on sunny days because rainbow occurs due to refraction of light through rain drops, so requires raining.
It is not possible that he grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine because dinosaur is extinct
It is not possible that he grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine because a doll machine only makes dolls.
It is not possible that he grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine because dinosaur is much bigger than the doll machine.
It is not possible that 3d printing can print people because man is a conscious object
It is not possible that 3d printing can print people because people are alive
It is not possible that 3d printing can print people because people are born not printed
It is not possible that you can call underwater because water's ability of propagating sound
It is not possible that you can call underwater because electronics don't work underwater.
It is not possible that you can call underwater because phones don't work in water
It is not possible that the teacher taught the rabbit to talk because rabbit can't talk
It is not possible that the teacher taught the rabbit to talk because rabbits cannot learn to speak.
It is not possible that the teacher taught the rabbit to talk because rabbits do not talk.
It is not possible that alcohol can make you more powerful because alcohol has psychedelic effects
It is not possible that alcohol can make you more powerful because alcohol is a depressant
It is not possible that alcohol can make you more powerful because alcohol dulls your senses.
It is not possible that crocodile cubs can eat milk because crocodile is an oviparous animal
It is not possible that crocodile cubs can eat milk because crocodiles are not mammals.
It is not possible that crocodile cubs can eat milk because crocodile cubs are carnivores so they only eat meat.
It is not possible that i jumped high because gravity is small for me because gravity is as big as everyone
It is not possible that i jumped high because gravity is small for me because gravity is a force and can not be measured by size.
It is not possible that i jumped high because gravity is small for me because gravity pulls the same on everything.
It is not possible that you don't feel hot because the sun itself is low because the surface temperature of the sun is very high
It is not possible that you don't feel hot because the sun itself is low because if the sun comes low it will definitely feel hot.
It is not possible that you don't feel hot because the sun itself is low because the height of the sun does not have any relevance to the heat it puts off
It is not possible that calendar can change the number of days because days can not be change
It is not possible that calendar can change the number of days because the number of days in a year is fixed
It is not possible that calendar can change the number of days because a calendar only records how many days in a year, it does not choose.
It is not possible that practicing english allows you to be foreigners because english can not change yourself
It is not possible that practicing english allows you to be foreigners because you can't become foreigners
It is not possible that practicing english allows you to be foreigners because the language you speak does not dictate if you are native or not
It is not possible that he live under water because he can't breathe underwater
It is not possible that he live under water because humans cannot breathe underwater.
It is not possible that he live under water because people do not live under water.
It is not possible that you can break the cement column because cement column is so hard
It is not possible that you can break the cement column because a cement column is too strong to break.
It is not possible that you can break the cement column because cement column is not so weak to break so easily.
It is not possible that seagulls can eat blue whales because blue whale is too bulky
It is not possible that seagulls can eat blue whales because a blue whale is too large for a seagull to eat.
It is not possible that seagulls can eat blue whales because blue whales bigger than seagulls
It is not possible that the thermometer can change temperature because temperature does not change due to tools
It is not possible that the thermometer can change temperature because a thermometer can only guage not change
It is not possible that the thermometer can change temperature because a thermostat is used to change temperature.
It is not possible that people can raise lions in the water tank because lions can't live underwater
It is not possible that people can raise lions in the water tank because lions are not able to breathe water and prefer living on plains and savannas to living in water tanks.
It is not possible that people can raise lions in the water tank because lions live on the land.
It is not possible that i am traveling by turtle because the speed of turtle is slow
It is not possible that i am traveling by turtle because you can not ride a turtle
It is not possible that i am traveling by turtle because a turtle is not a mode of travel.
It is not possible that the grass is covered with gold because gold has no sticky ability
It is not possible that the grass is covered with gold because grass would not be able to grow if covered with gold because gold is much too heavy.
It is not possible that the grass is covered with gold because gold does not build up on grass.
It is not possible that the desk lamp illuminates the room because diamond can't shine directly
It is not possible that the desk lamp illuminates the room because the desk lamp cannot illuminate the room.
It is not possible that the desk lamp illuminates the room because desk lamps are for illuminating the darkness of the room , not the room itself
It is not possible that robots can eat food because robost have no digestive system
It is not possible that robots can eat food because only live creatures eat food.
It is not possible that robots can eat food because robots are non-living object they can't eat.
It is not possible that noodles are made of iron because noodles don't contain iron
It is not possible that noodles are made of iron because iron is not an ingredient used when making noodles.
It is not possible that noodles are made of iron because iron is not edible and cannot be used to make noodles.
It is not possible that i shot a mammoth with a gun because mammoth has already become extinct
It is not possible that i shot a mammoth with a gun because the ammunition used in a gun will only sting a mammoth.
It is not possible that i shot a mammoth with a gun because mammoths are extinct.
It is not possible that grass is blossoming because grass has no stamen
It is not possible that grass is blossoming because grass doesn't blossom.
It is not possible that grass is blossoming because grass can grow, but it doesn't blossom as it is not a flower.
It is not possible that rabbit sprays out venom because rabbit has no venom
It is not possible that rabbit sprays out venom because snakes spray venom.
It is not possible that rabbit sprays out venom because rabbits spraying venom is not a possibility
It is not possible that squeeze the iron on the bread because iron can not be eaten directly
It is not possible that squeeze the iron on the bread because iron is a solid material and therefore it is too hard to be squeezed
It is not possible that squeeze the iron on the bread because iron is much too strong to be squeezed onto bread.
It is not possible that grass can be made into a brush because the hardness of the grass is high
It is not possible that grass can be made into a brush because grass is not sturdy enough to make brush bristles out of.
It is not possible that grass can be made into a brush because brushes are made out of synthetic bristles.
It is not possible that the pen needs to absorb oil because oil can not write
It is not possible that the pen needs to absorb oil because oil is not a writing liquid for a pen
It is not possible that the pen needs to absorb oil because pen is a thing which cannot be used to absorb oil.
It is not possible that there is cloud in the sewer because cloud is in the sky
It is not possible that there is cloud in the sewer because clouds are only in the sky.
It is not possible that there is cloud in the sewer because sewers don't have enough clean water and heat for creating a cloud.
It is not possible that snakes can shine because snakes can't use their own to light
It is not possible that snakes can shine because snakes do not shine.
It is not possible that snakes can shine because snakes do not have light to shine
It is not possible that dad lights water because water can not be fired
It is not possible that dad lights water because we need light to read paper.
It is not possible that dad lights water because you can not light water because water puts out flame.
It is not possible that he is giving a massage to the hedgehog because the hedgehog's skin is so hard
It is not possible that he is giving a massage to the hedgehog because nobody massages hedgehogs.
It is not possible that he is giving a massage to the hedgehog because people do not give massages to hedgehogs, there is no need for that.
It is not possible that he pierced the board with glass rod because glass rod is not sharp
It is not possible that he pierced the board with glass rod because a glass rod is too fragile to pierce a board
It is not possible that he pierced the board with glass rod because the glass would break.
It is not possible that leaves grow on the tigers because tigers is animal without leaves
It is not possible that leaves grow on the tigers because a tiger is an animal and leaves can't grow on them
It is not possible that leaves grow on the tigers because tigers do not carry out photosynthesis.
It is not possible that he put stars into the pot because stars is so far away
It is not possible that he put stars into the pot because stars are in the sky they cannot fir in the pot
It is not possible that he put stars into the pot because stars is much bigger than the pot.
It is not possible that monkey climbs the cloud because cloud is so far away
It is not possible that monkey climbs the cloud because a cloud could not support a climbing monkey.
It is not possible that monkey climbs the cloud because the cloud is in the sky.
It is not possible that i put a lion in my pocket because lion is so huge
It is not possible that i put a lion in my pocket because a lion is much too large to put in your pocket.
It is not possible that i put a lion in my pocket because lions do not fit in pockets.
It is not possible that dad is surfing on the desert because the desert can not flow
It is not possible that dad is surfing on the desert because surfing is possible only on water.
It is not possible that dad is surfing on the desert because surfing is done on bodies of water, not on sand.
It is not possible that he lit the cigarette with water because the temperature of the water is not high
It is not possible that he lit the cigarette with water because water will lit off the cigarette.
It is not possible that he lit the cigarette with water because fire is for lighting cigarettes not water
It is not possible that the seagull caught a whale because whale is too immense
It is not possible that the seagull caught a whale because a whale is too large for a seagull to pick up.
It is not possible that the seagull caught a whale because a whale is too heavy for a seagull to catch.
It is not possible that he picked bamboo from the tree because bamboo is living on the land
It is not possible that he picked bamboo from the tree because bamboo is the stalk therefore it is typically axed or shucked down.
It is not possible that he picked bamboo from the tree because bamboo is a tree on its own.
It is not possible that he is lying on the lake because lake can not provide enough float
It is not possible that he is lying on the lake because you will sink if you try to lay in the lake
It is not possible that he is lying on the lake because people cannot float on lakes.
It is not possible that water spray gun can barbecue because water gun can't fire
It is not possible that water spray gun can barbecue because water is not combustible, therefore it cannot be for the purpose of barbecuing.
It is not possible that water spray gun can barbecue because barbecue cannot be made by water spray gun.
It is not possible that mosquito coil can kill spiders because spider immune mosquito coil
It is not possible that mosquito coil can kill spiders because spiders are not affected by mosquito coils.
It is not possible that mosquito coil can kill spiders because its called mosquito coil because it kills mosquito's
It is not possible that pete is watching movie with headphones because headphones have no display
It is not possible that pete is watching movie with headphones because people don't typically watch movies with headphones on
It is not possible that pete is watching movie with headphones because headphone are for listening not for watching.
It is not possible that kevin is getting a haircut with a razor because the razor is not sharp enough
It is not possible that kevin is getting a haircut with a razor because a razor is used to remove all hair or remove all hair in an area, not to trim hair.
It is not possible that kevin is getting a haircut with a razor because razors are for shaving not for cutting  hairs.
It is not possible that this cat is hatching eggs because cat is a mammal
It is not possible that this cat is hatching eggs because cat is a mammal
It is not possible that this cat is hatching eggs because cat never hatch eggs.
It is not possible that he hit the gun target with a tank because the tank will blow up the gun target
It is not possible that he hit the gun target with a tank because tank is too big to be used for gun target.
It is not possible that he hit the gun target with a tank because gun target cannot done with a tank.
It is not possible that flytrap can catch tigers because tiger is too enormous
It is not possible that flytrap can catch tigers because a tiger is too strong to be caught in a flytrap.
It is not possible that flytrap can catch tigers because flytraps are very small compared to a tiger.
It is not possible that you can plant lotus on the ground because lotus growing in the water
It is not possible that you can plant lotus on the ground because not even sure if lotus is a plant.
It is not possible that you can plant lotus on the ground because a lotus flower/plant grows in the water, not in the ground.
It is not possible that you can get barbecue in the book because there is no food in the book
It is not possible that you can get barbecue in the book because there is only pages and paper in books.
It is not possible that you can get barbecue in the book because a book can explain how to barbecue, but it cannot itself.
It is not possible that mary stayed in the sea for ten days because mary can't breathe underwater
It is not possible that mary stayed in the sea for ten days because staying in salt water for ten days would most likely kill mary.
It is not possible that mary stayed in the sea for ten days because mary could not survive in water for 10 days.
It is not possible that mother is using the refrigerator to porridge because the refrigerator cannot heat food
It is not possible that mother is using the refrigerator to porridge because porridge cannot be done by the refrigerator.
It is not possible that mother is using the refrigerator to porridge because the preparation of porridge requires heat, and a fridge is cold.
It is not possible that i am washing my hands with oil because oil can't clean up stains
It is not possible that i am washing my hands with oil because oil would make the hands greasy instead of clean.
It is not possible that i am washing my hands with oil because oil cannot be used for washing hand.
It is not possible that uncle saw a dinosaur on the street because dinosaurs have long since become extinct
It is not possible that uncle saw a dinosaur on the street because dinosaurs are imaginary animals that do not walk on streets
It is not possible that uncle saw a dinosaur on the street because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that she woke up at twenty five o'clock today because only 24 hours a day
It is not possible that she woke up at twenty five o'clock today because a day has only 24 hours.
It is not possible that she woke up at twenty five o'clock today because there is only 24 hours in a day.
It is not possible that he was scratched by the water because water is not sharp
It is not possible that he was scratched by the water because water is non scratching.
It is not possible that he was scratched by the water because water does not scratch people, it is too yielding for that.
It is not possible that lumberjack cuts trees with tofu because tree is harder than tofu
It is not possible that lumberjack cuts trees with tofu because a tree is too big, heavy and round to cut tofu with .
It is not possible that lumberjack cuts trees with tofu because tofu is a type of food people eat, and do not have the sharpness required to cut a tree.
It is not possible that squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter because honey is not the food of squirrels
It is not possible that squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter because squirrel coarse does not eat honey.
It is not possible that squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter because squirrels don't eat honey.
It is not possible that eagle catches lions as food because lions are so colossal
It is not possible that eagle catches lions as food because a eagle is incapable of catching a lion as it does not have the power to lift it.
It is not possible that eagle catches lions as food because lions are above eagles on the food chain.
It is not possible that someone can pick up bullets by hand because the bullet is too fast
It is not possible that someone can pick up bullets by hand because bullets move very fast
It is not possible that someone can pick up bullets by hand because bullets are too fast to catch.
It is not possible that dad is riding at sea because sea can not provide enough buoyancy
It is not possible that dad is riding at sea because you can't ride on the sea
It is not possible that dad is riding at sea because sea is a place where we cannot ride.
It is not possible that he has some stones for breakfast every day because stones can't be eaten and digested.
It is not possible that he has some stones for breakfast every day because stones are inedible
It is not possible that he has some stones for breakfast every day because stones are not edible.
It is not possible that i often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon because peanut oil can't be drink directly.
It is not possible that i often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon because peanut oil is not a drink.
It is not possible that i often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon because peanut oil is used for cooking.
It is not possible that she often rides a bird to school because birds are smaller than human.
It is not possible that she often rides a bird to school because birds are too small for people to ride on.
It is not possible that she often rides a bird to school because birds are too small for people to ride.
It is not possible that tom uses a microwave oven to call me because microwave oven can't be used to connect with others.
It is not possible that tom uses a microwave oven to call me because telephone is use for call not microwave.
It is not possible that tom uses a microwave oven to call me because microwave ovens are used to cook food and are incapable of telecommunication.
It is not possible that mary has dinosaurs to play with because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that mary has dinosaurs to play with because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that mary has dinosaurs to play with because people do not play with dinosaurs.
It is not possible that linda does her homework by nose because nose can't be used to write.
It is not possible that linda does her homework by nose because nose is a part of body which cannot used to do her homework.
It is not possible that linda does her homework by nose because a nose cannot do any homework or hold a pen
It is not possible that mud is for drinking because mud is dirty and has a lot of bacteria.
It is not possible that mud is for drinking because mud is a solid that cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that mud is for drinking because mud is not a drinkable item, from mud we can make different crafts.
It is not possible that apples can be used to extract oil because apples are oil-free.
It is not possible that apples can be used to extract oil because oil is not present in spples.
It is not possible that apples can be used to extract oil because there are no oils in apples.
It is not possible that air conditioners can freeze because air conditioners' temperature will not be very low.
It is not possible that air conditioners can freeze because they cannot freeze because air conditioners do not get that cold.
It is not possible that air conditioners can freeze because because air conditioners are used to cool air, not freeze items
It is not possible that we can cook in the toilet because there are no cooking utensils in the toilet.
It is not possible that we can cook in the toilet because the toilet is too dirty for cooking
It is not possible that we can cook in the toilet because for cooking we require pots,cylinder,gas stove etc that we don't find in toilet.
It is not possible that chopsticks are used for soup because chopsticks cannot hold soup.
It is not possible that chopsticks are used for soup because chopsticks can not hold liquid things.
It is not possible that chopsticks are used for soup because soup cannot be picked up with chopsticks, as it would just slide through.
It is not possible that paper can be used as a mirror because paper does not reflect.
It is not possible that paper can be used as a mirror because paper cannot reflect.
It is not possible that paper can be used as a mirror because paper is  an  opaque object that cannot reflect.
It is not possible that baby combs his hair with a mirror because mirror can't tidy baby's hair.
It is not possible that baby combs his hair with a mirror because a mirror does not have the teeth necessary to comb hair.
It is not possible that baby combs his hair with a mirror because a mirror can't comb hair.
It is not possible that flour supplements calcium in human body because flour does not contain too much calcium.
It is not possible that flour supplements calcium in human body because milk powder supplements calcium in human body
It is not possible that flour supplements calcium in human body because flour is not a mineral in the human body.
It is not possible that cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays because cream does not contain substances that protect against ultraviolet rays.
It is not possible that cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays because to protect skin against sun damage it must contain specific formulas.
It is not possible that cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays because cream isn't strong enough to protect against ultraviolet rays.
It is not possible that a sphere has six faces because a sphere can only find a spherical surface.
It is not possible that a sphere has six faces because a sphere has no edges, therefore has no faces.
It is not possible that a sphere has six faces because a sphere does not have six faces.
It is not possible that cut down trees with a hammer because hammer has no sharp edge.
It is not possible that cut down trees with a hammer because hammer doesn't has sharpness
It is not possible that cut down trees with a hammer because a hammer cannot used to cut down trees.
It is not possible that the remote control charges the cell phone because the remote control has no interface for charging the mobile phone.
It is not possible that the remote control charges the cell phone because a remote control does not give power to anything.
It is not possible that the remote control charges the cell phone because a remote control does not have power to charge the phone.
It is not possible that eye mask moisturizes the face because eye mask is very small, which only moisturizes the periphery of the eye.
It is not possible that eye mask moisturizes the face because eye mask is used to block light from the eyes.
It is not possible that eye mask moisturizes the face because the face is not  moisturized by eye mask.
It is not possible that the umbrella sheltered us from the haze because haze is a fine particle that cannot be covered by an umbrella.
It is not possible that the umbrella sheltered us from the haze because haze still affects visibility when you use an umbrella and is not blocked.
It is not possible that the umbrella sheltered us from the haze because haze does not need to be sheltered by the umbrella.
It is not possible that masks can block the air because masks are breathable.
It is not possible that masks can block the air because air cannot be use to block the air.
It is not possible that masks can block the air because air can get through masks.
It is not possible that nose can be used to see things because nose has no optic nerve.
It is not possible that nose can be used to see things because a nose is used for smelling not for seeing.
It is not possible that nose can be used to see things because noses are used to smell things.
It is not possible that cut paper with glue because glue has no sharp edge.
It is not possible that cut paper with glue because glue is liquid and paper is a solid.
It is not possible that cut paper with glue because glue doesn't have sharp edges used for cutting.
It is not possible that mirrors can be used to take pictures because mirrors cannot be used to take and store photos.
It is not possible that mirrors can be used to take pictures because mirrors only show what is in front of them at the moment and can not make a recording.
It is not possible that mirrors can be used to take pictures because mirrors relect the images only.
It is not possible that masks can help us see things because masks aren't something to put on your eyes to make your vision clearer.
It is not possible that masks can help us see things because a mask covers our face
It is not possible that masks can help us see things because masks do not help us to see, and could make seeing more difficult.
It is not possible that body lotion protects our hands because body lotion is used on the body.
It is not possible that body lotion protects our hands because body lotion is not just for hands.
It is not possible that body lotion protects our hands because our hands cannot protects by body lotion.
It is not possible that screens can keep out the wind because there are many holes in the screens.
It is not possible that screens can keep out the wind because screens are designed so as to allow some of the wind inside, not to keep the wind out.
It is not possible that screens can keep out the wind because screens are found on devices not walls.
It is not possible that i put my clothes in the cupboard because the cupboard is used for storing bowls.
It is not possible that i put my clothes in the cupboard because cupboards are used for dishes not clothes.
It is not possible that i put my clothes in the cupboard because cupboard only contains cups and dish.
It is not possible that the dog barks to show its kindness to its owner because the dog barks for brutality.
It is not possible that the dog barks to show its kindness to its owner because dogs bark to alert others.
It is not possible that the dog barks to show its kindness to its owner because a dog barks as a sign of distress.
It is not possible that he who does not play dies because playing is not the whole of life.
It is not possible that he who does not play dies because survival does not depend on whether or not a person plays.
It is not possible that he who does not play dies because many people do not like to play and they still live.
It is not possible that mobile phones will explode without charging because mobile phones without electricity will only affect their use.
It is not possible that mobile phones will explode without charging because without charging a mobile phone shuts down.
It is not possible that mobile phones will explode without charging because not charging your mobile phone only affects battery life.
It is not possible that southerners like to eat noodles because affected by the living environment, southerners seldom eat noodles.
It is not possible that southerners like to eat noodles because noodles are a norther cuisine
It is not possible that southerners like to eat noodles because southern dishes are based around rice.
It is not possible that we can use mirrors to learn because there is nothing to learn in the mirrors.
It is not possible that we can use mirrors to learn because mirrors are used for reflecting images.
It is not possible that we can use mirrors to learn because a mirror does not contain any learning material.
It is not possible that ducks can fly because ducks' wings can't fly.
It is not possible that ducks can fly because ducks don't have the ability to fly as birds have.
It is not possible that ducks can fly because ducks can only fly for a few seconds.
It is not possible that tigers love to eat carrots because tigers are carnivores.
It is not possible that tigers love to eat carrots because tigers are a carnivore.
It is not possible that tigers love to eat carrots because tigers are carnivores not herbivores, therefore would not eat carrots.
It is not possible that stones melt when heated because stones are hard and will not melt because of heat.
It is not possible that stones melt when heated because stones need to be extremely hot to melt
It is not possible that stones melt when heated because stones are resited to heat.
It is not possible that people sneeze when they are tired because sneezing is a response to a cold, not fatigue.
It is not possible that people sneeze when they are tired because sneezing is not a symptom of being tired.
It is not possible that people sneeze when they are tired because people when they are tired do not sneeze.
It is not possible that ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores because the lead core of an ordinary pencil is fixed in a wooden rod.
It is not possible that ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores because ordinary pencils already have maximum amount of led that it can contain.
It is not possible that ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores because ordinary pencils have no moving parts
It is not possible that the sun sets in the morning because the rotation of the earth causes the sun to rise in the east and set in the west, so people can distinguish between day and night, morning and night.
It is not possible that the sun sets in the morning because the sun sets in the evening and not in the morning.
It is not possible that the sun sets in the morning because according science the sun sets in the evening
It is not possible that astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space because ordinary clothes don't have the functions of radiation protection, heat insulation and air insulation, and can protect astronauts'lives.
It is not possible that astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space because ordinary clothes would not protect astronauts from low pressure.
It is not possible that astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space because ordinary clothing would not provide the types of protection necessary for survival in space.
It is not possible that the moon revolves around the sun because the moon isn't a planet of the sun..
It is not possible that the moon revolves around the sun because the moon revolves/orbits earth.
It is not possible that the moon revolves around the sun because moon revolves around the earth
It is not possible that dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex because when male dragonflies meet the opposite sex, they change their way of flying and grab each other's head with their claws to make a courtship.
It is not possible that dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex because female dragonflies avoid male dragonflies.
It is not possible that dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex because dragonflies do not attract lovers.
It is not possible that football is played by hand because football is played with feet.
It is not possible that football is played by hand because football is played with the foot, i.e 'foot'ball,  thus cannot be played by hand
It is not possible that football is played by hand because foodball is played by foot.
It is not possible that we use the mouse to enter text because the mouse is used for clicking,and has no input function.
It is not possible that we use the mouse to enter text because mouse is used to point
It is not possible that we use the mouse to enter text because the mouse doesn't have any keys to enter data.
It is not possible that it is said that santa claus will give gifts on lantern festival because lantern festival is a chinese festival, and santa claus is a western legend.
It is not possible that it is said that santa claus will give gifts on lantern festival because santa claus is only known for giving gifts for christmas
It is not possible that it is said that santa claus will give gifts on lantern festival because santa claus brings gifts on christmas, not on any other holiday.
It is not possible that plum blossoms blossom in summer because plum blossoms are winter flowers.
It is not possible that plum blossoms blossom in summer because this only happens in the spring
It is not possible that plum blossoms blossom in summer because summer is not the season for plum blossoms.
It is not possible that lotus is the flower that lives on land because land does not provide the water and nutrients needed for lotus growth.
It is not possible that lotus is the flower that lives on land because lotus cannot survive on land.
It is not possible that lotus is the flower that lives on land because a lotus is also known as a water lily, so it does not exist on land.
It is not possible that people can absorb carbon dioxide because people cannot photosynthesize.
It is not possible that people can absorb carbon dioxide because carbon dioxide is poisonous to people.
It is not possible that people can absorb carbon dioxide because carbon dioxide is harmful to humans.
It is not possible that koala is china's national treasure because koala is australia's national treasures.
It is not possible that koala is china's national treasure because koala's are the national treasure of australia.
It is not possible that koala is china's national treasure because koala is australia's national treasure
It is not possible that we need to take our bag on rainy days because our bag can't prevent us from getting wet in the rain.
It is not possible that we need to take our bag on rainy days because your bag will get wet on rainy days.
It is not possible that we need to take our bag on rainy days because a bag will not protect you from getting wet.
It is not possible that clouds come in seven colors because clouds are black, white and grey.
It is not possible that clouds come in seven colors because clouds are not colourful.
It is not possible that clouds come in seven colors because clouds are colourless
It is not possible that cicadas glow in the dark because there is no light emitter on the cicadas' bodies.
It is not possible that cicadas glow in the dark because cicadas do not emit light.
It is not possible that cicadas glow in the dark because cicadas are not able to glow.
It is not possible that snails change their shells many times in their lives because as snails grow, their shells grow slowly, rather than changing them.
It is not possible that snails change their shells many times in their lives because a snail's shell does not change in its lifetime.
It is not possible that snails change their shells many times in their lives because snails only get one shell that grows with them throughout their lives.
It is not possible that flowers turn yellow in autumn because flowers fade after flowering rather than turn yellow in autumn.
It is not possible that flowers turn yellow in autumn because autumn is a season where the flowers don't turn yellow.
It is not possible that flowers turn yellow in autumn because absence of photosynthesis process in flowers doesn't make it to turn yellow.
It is not possible that hippos live in the deserts because deserts do not provide the water environment that hippos need to live in.
It is not possible that hippos live in the deserts because hippos need more water to survive than a desert climate provides
It is not possible that hippos live in the deserts because hippos live in rivers, and deserts are too dry to have rivers.
It is not possible that tadpoles grow into butterflies because tadpoles are larvae of frogs.
It is not possible that tadpoles grow into butterflies because tadpoles turn into frogs.
It is not possible that tadpoles grow into butterflies because tadpoles grow into frogs.
It is not possible that we wash dishes.with laundry detergent because laundry detergent is specially used for laundry.
It is not possible that we wash dishes.with laundry detergent because laundry detergent is for laundry not for dishes.
It is not possible that we wash dishes.with laundry detergent because laundy detergent should not be consumed
It is not possible that silver can be used as a thermometer because silver can't display temperature.
It is not possible that silver can be used as a thermometer because silver cant tell temperature
It is not possible that silver can be used as a thermometer because silver cannot be used as a thermometer.
It is not possible that water-splashing festival is a tibetan festival because water resources are scarce in tibetan areas, and the tibetan people save water very much.
It is not possible that water-splashing festival is a tibetan festival because water-splashing festival is a dai festival.
It is not possible that water-splashing festival is a tibetan festival because tibetan people do not celebrate water spalshing
It is not possible that the potala palace is a famous building in xinjiang because the potala palace is a sacred place for the tibetan people.
It is not possible that the potala palace is a famous building in xinjiang because potala palace is not famous in xinjiang. it is famous in tibet
It is not possible that the potala palace is a famous building in xinjiang because the potala palace is not located in xinjiang.
It is not possible that einstein invented the light bulb because einstein was a physicist. not an inventor.
It is not possible that einstein invented the light bulb because einstein devolped many ideas from former scientist like edison.
It is not possible that einstein invented the light bulb because the light bulb was invented before einstein.
It is not possible that wild geese hibernate in winter because wild geese fly southward for winter instead of hibernating.
It is not possible that wild geese hibernate in winter because birds do not hibernate
It is not possible that wild geese hibernate in winter because geese do not hibernate.
It is not possible that flies bite and suck blood because flies do not have biting sharp mouths.
It is not possible that flies bite and suck blood because flies do not bite even suck anyone.
It is not possible that flies bite and suck blood because flies do not have the capacity to bite.
It is not possible that cherry blossom is the national flower of the netherlands because cherry blossom is the national flower of japan, which is regarded as a treasure by the japanese.
It is not possible that cherry blossom is the national flower of the netherlands because tulip is national flower of netherlands
It is not possible that cherry blossom is the national flower of the netherlands because cherry blossom is the brand name not the flower.
It is not possible that pencils can be filled with ink because the lead core of a pencil is solid, which is different from the material of ink.
It is not possible that pencils can be filled with ink because pencils are made of lead which can't be filled with ink.
It is not possible that pencils can be filled with ink because pencils does not requires ink to be filed.
It is not possible that xiaoming measured the length with a knife because a knife has no scale for measurement.
It is not possible that xiaoming measured the length with a knife because a knife is used for cutting and is not a reliable tool for measurement.
It is not possible that xiaoming measured the length with a knife because knife does not help to measure the length.
It is not possible that cucumber juice is red because cucumber is rich in green pigments.
It is not possible that cucumber juice is red because cucumber juice is green.
It is not possible that cucumber juice is red because cucumbers are green
It is not possible that mother works in the box because the box is smaller than mother's body.
It is not possible that mother works in the box because the box is too small to work.
It is not possible that mother works in the box because mother is much bigger than the box.
It is not possible that dad goes to work by spaceship because dad didn't have the money to fly in a spaceship.
It is not possible that dad goes to work by spaceship because you only travel on a spaceship to leave earth.
It is not possible that dad goes to work by spaceship because spaceship is use in space not on earth for tansport.
It is not possible that my brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back because if you go to school with firecrackers on your back, the school will not let your brother in.
It is not possible that my brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back because firecrackers are dangerous
It is not possible that my brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back because people don't walk around with firecrackers tied to them, let alone go to school with them where they can potentially be kicked out.
It is not possible that the classroom assigns homework to the students because there is no thought in the classroom and it will not move.
It is not possible that the classroom assigns homework to the students because a classroom is a physical area.
It is not possible that the classroom assigns homework to the students because classroom is not the living entity
It is not possible that mary is walking her dinosaurs because dinosaurs and mary did not live in an era.
It is not possible that mary is walking her dinosaurs because dinosaurs cannot be walked.
It is not possible that mary is walking her dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that bob bathed in mud because mud was dirty, so bob couldn't bathe in it.
It is not possible that bob bathed in mud because mud is too dirty for effective bathing.
It is not possible that bob bathed in mud because mud will get you dirt.
It is not possible that the teacher is correcting the literature because teachers have no right to revise documents.
It is not possible that the teacher is correcting the literature because teachers never change the contents of any of the literature they teach.
It is not possible that the teacher is correcting the literature because literature is taught by teacher
It is not possible that the mother tongue of chinese is english because english is the mother tongue of western countries.
It is not possible that the mother tongue of chinese is english because chinese uses chinese language to speak at home.
It is not possible that the mother tongue of chinese is english because english is spoken mainly in the u.s.a.
It is not possible that tattoos are traditional chinese cuisine because china is not accustomed to eating raw meat like tattoos.
It is not possible that tattoos are traditional chinese cuisine because tattoos cannot be eaten as food.
It is not possible that tattoos are traditional chinese cuisine because tattoos are not edible.
It is not possible that we wear cotton jackets in summer because it's very hot to wear cotton jacketa in summer.
It is not possible that we wear cotton jackets in summer because we wear loose clothes like shirts,t-shirts in summer not jackets.
It is not possible that we wear cotton jackets in summer because cotton jackets are too warm for summer
It is not possible that my uncle picks fruit in winter because trees don't bear fruit in winter.
It is not possible that my uncle picks fruit in winter because the winter is too cold for fruit to be able to grow.
It is not possible that my uncle picks fruit in winter because winter is not the ideal season for fruit picking due to cold weather conditions.
It is not possible that kevin took the dog to the rocket because dog can't get on rockets.
It is not possible that kevin took the dog to the rocket because a rocket is not a suitable object for a dog to interact with in any sort of way.
It is not possible that kevin took the dog to the rocket because they do not let dogs on or even near rockets.
It is not possible that daisy put the food in the air conditioner because there can't be anything in the air conditioner.
It is not possible that daisy put the food in the air conditioner because air conditioners are not designed to hold food of any kind.
It is not possible that daisy put the food in the air conditioner because air conditioner is for cooling the room not for keeping food.
It is not possible that joan soaked the tea in oil because oil can't be used to make tea.
It is not possible that joan soaked the tea in oil because you can not drink oil
It is not possible that joan soaked the tea in oil because tea cannot be soaked in oil since it is not soluble.
It is not possible that people with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses because the dishcloth is dirty and not suitable for runny nose.
It is not possible that people with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses because dishcloth cannot be used to wipe the nose.
It is not possible that people with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses because dishcloth is only for dish wiping.
It is not possible that the steak is cooked in a bowl because a bowls can't be used to fry steaks.
It is not possible that the steak is cooked in a bowl because steak cannot be prepared properly in a bowl.
It is not possible that the steak is cooked in a bowl because you can eat food out of a bowl, but you can not cook food in a bowl.
It is not possible that george wore a pyjamas to work because pyjamas can only be worn at home. it's not appropriate to wear it to work.
It is not possible that george wore a pyjamas to work because pyjamas should not be worn outside your home.
It is not possible that george wore a pyjamas to work because it would be frowned upon to wear pyjmas to work because they are meant for sleeping.
It is not possible that grandma knits with clouds because clouds are made of water vapor and cannot be made of cloth.
It is not possible that grandma knits with clouds because clouds can't be used to knit
It is not possible that grandma knits with clouds because clouds is not a type of weaving material to knit,also clouds are present in sky.
It is not possible that programmers use looms to program because the loom does not have the function of programming.
It is not possible that programmers use looms to program because looms are not devices.
It is not possible that programmers use looms to program because looms are used for weaving fabric, and have nothing to do with programming.
It is not possible that aunt folded up the glass because thw glass is hard and cannot be folded.
It is not possible that aunt folded up the glass because you can not fold glass because it would break.
It is not possible that aunt folded up the glass because glass needs to be really hot to be folded
It is not possible that cloth bags are waterproof because cloth bags are woven with thread and absorb water.
It is not possible that cloth bags are waterproof because cloth bags cannot be waterproof.
It is not possible that cloth bags are waterproof because unless it undergoes a special treatment, cloth will always get wet.
It is not possible that girls use toilet paper to remove makeup because toilet paper will break when it meets water. it can't be used to remove makeup.
It is not possible that girls use toilet paper to remove makeup because toilet paper is a thing which cannot use to remove the makeup.
It is not possible that girls use toilet paper to remove makeup because toilet paper would be bad at removing makeup
It is not possible that ancient people used ice for heating in winter because ice is cold and do not provide heat.
It is not possible that ancient people used ice for heating in winter because ice is cold.
It is not possible that ancient people used ice for heating in winter because ice slightly lowers air temperature and does not warm it.
It is not possible that normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day because drinks are not a daily necessity.
It is not possible that normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day because repetition of the word drink.
It is not possible that normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day because drink is an alcohol and its not good for health
It is not possible that people brush their teeth with a comb every day because a comb is used for combing hair, not for brushing teeth.
It is not possible that people brush their teeth with a comb every day because comb is for hair not for teeth
It is not possible that people brush their teeth with a comb every day because comb is used on hair not teeth.
It is not possible that birds like to eat bones because a bird's mouth can't bite bones.
It is not possible that birds like to eat bones because birds eat worms and bugs.
It is not possible that birds like to eat bones because birds would choke on bones
It is not possible that ancient people used monkeys to grind because monkeys are naughty and light. they are not suitable for human grinding.
It is not possible that ancient people used monkeys to grind because monkeys are too weak to be used for grinding.
It is not possible that ancient people used monkeys to grind because monkeys cannot held people on them.
It is not possible that bees go out to gather dew to make honey because bees do not make honey by eating dew.
It is not possible that bees go out to gather dew to make honey because bees are not able to gather dew.
It is not possible that bees go out to gather dew to make honey because dew is the wrong ingredient to make honey.
It is not possible that the crow sings very well because the crow can only quack and its voice is very bad.
It is not possible that the crow sings very well because crows are not known for their singing and they make an annoying noise.
It is not possible that the crow sings very well because crows emit a squawking sound that is very unpleasant to listen to.
It is not possible that the courier delivered the goods to his home because the courier is not a delivery profession.
It is not possible that the courier delivered the goods to his home because the courier did not know the address
It is not possible that the courier delivered the goods to his home because courier's deliver goods to the homes of others.
It is not possible that the operator translated the speech to the audience because the operator's duty is not to translate.
It is not possible that the operator translated the speech to the audience because an operators job is to direct things like people or motorized vehicles to a desired person or place.
It is not possible that the operator translated the speech to the audience because an operator does not serve as a translator.
It is not possible that the programmers designed and built downtown buildings because the programmers' job is to program by computer.
It is not possible that the programmers designed and built downtown buildings because programmers can do coding on computers ,they cannot build and design downtown buildings.
It is not possible that the programmers designed and built downtown buildings because programmers build computer programs.
It is not possible that traffic police stand guard at home because traffic police manage traffic at intersections.
It is not possible that traffic police stand guard at home because the job description of traffic police is to guard traffic on a road, not at home.
It is not possible that traffic police stand guard at home because traffic police do not stand guard at home as their homes are safe and without moving cars.
It is not possible that teachers cleaned the roadside because teachers'job is to teach and educate people.
It is not possible that teachers cleaned the roadside because teachers are supposed to teach
It is not possible that teachers cleaned the roadside because teachers teach students in the classroom.
It is not possible that the conductor is selling goods to customers because ticket sellers are responsible for selling tickets at stations or scenic spots.
It is not possible that the conductor is selling goods to customers because a conductor drives a train and is not a salesman
It is not possible that the conductor is selling goods to customers because a conductors job is to conduct a train safely.
It is not possible that peony flowers are sent on valentine's day because peony stands for elegance, not for valentine's day.
It is not possible that peony flowers are sent on valentine's day because peony flowers are not traditional on valentine's day.
It is not possible that peony flowers are sent on valentine's day because peonies are not traditionally a romantic flower to give people
It is not possible that a tie is used to tie the waist because the tie is worn on the collar, not on the waist.
It is not possible that a tie is used to tie the waist because a tie belongs on the neck.
It is not possible that a tie is used to tie the waist because a tie is worn around one's neck.
It is not possible that a strong wind kills people because a strong wind will blow people uncomfortable, but not life-threatening.
It is not possible that a strong wind kills people because wind can not hurt anyone.
It is not possible that a strong wind kills people because strong winds are very common and if they were deadly many people would die daily,
It is not possible that people bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine because tetanus vaccine has no effect on rabies virus.
It is not possible that people bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine because there is no vaccine for colds and you cannot get a cold from a dog bite.
It is not possible that people bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine because cold vaccine not exists.
It is not possible that gloves protect your feet from being worn out because gloves are not worn on the feet, they protect the hands.
It is not possible that gloves protect your feet from being worn out because gloves are never put on your feet.
It is not possible that gloves protect your feet from being worn out because gloves are worn on your hands
It is not possible that books record what happens every day because books are not real-time and do not record the events of the day.
It is not possible that books record what happens every day because books are used to record what happens over longer periods of time and not day-to-day.
It is not possible that books record what happens every day because recorder keeps the track of the every day happenings.
It is not possible that the ship ran on the road because the ship traveled in the sea.
It is not possible that the ship ran on the road because ships are in the water
It is not possible that the ship ran on the road because ships are only used for transportation in water
It is not possible that i wipe my hair with a quilt because quilts can get wet when they are used to wipe hair.
It is not possible that i wipe my hair with a quilt because a quilt is too large to be used as a towel and it is not designed to soak up water and then dry.
It is not possible that i wipe my hair with a quilt because quilts are used for decoration and warmth.
It is not possible that the eyes are in the glasses box because the eyes grow on people's faces.
It is not possible that the eyes are in the glasses box because the eyes are located in skull eyeholes.
It is not possible that the eyes are in the glasses box because box never made of eyes.
It is not possible that milk can refresh people because milk promotes sleep and does not refresh people.
It is not possible that milk can refresh people because milk does not have caffeine
It is not possible that milk can refresh people because milk has no additives that would refresh someone
It is not possible that coffee beans are used to grind cocoa because cocoa beans are ground powder.
It is not possible that coffee beans are used to grind cocoa because cocoa is made from cocoa beans.
It is not possible that coffee beans are used to grind cocoa because cocoa is made from cocoa beans
It is not possible that flower tea is fermented tea because flower tea is fried by mixing flowers and tea.
It is not possible that flower tea is fermented tea because flower tea is not fermented.
It is not possible that flower tea is fermented tea because flower tea is only dry tea.
It is not possible that sugar can make vegetables salty because sugar is sweet. it makes the food sweet.
It is not possible that sugar can make vegetables salty because sugar adds a sweet flavor to consumables.
It is not possible that sugar can make vegetables salty because sugar is sweet.
It is not possible that the wool is used to transmit electricity because the wool is an insulator and the current does not pass through.
It is not possible that the wool is used to transmit electricity because wool is not a conductor, therefore it cannot transmit waves of current.
It is not possible that the wool is used to transmit electricity because to transmit energy we cannot use the wool.
It is not possible that squids live in rivers because squids live in the sea and there is not enough salt in the river.
It is not possible that squids live in rivers because squids only live in oceans.
It is not possible that squids live in rivers because rivers are fresh water, and squids live in salt water.
It is not possible that strawberries grow on trees because strawberries grow in bushes.
It is not possible that strawberries grow on trees because strawberries grow out on the ground.
It is not possible that strawberries grow on trees because strawberries grow on bushes, not on trees.
It is not possible that wool comes out of wolves because wolf hair is wolf's hair.
It is not possible that wool comes out of wolves because wolves have fur not wool
It is not possible that wool comes out of wolves because wolves fur is not used for clothing.
It is not possible that mosquito nets can keep out the sun because mosquito nets are transparent and do not shield from sunlight.
It is not possible that mosquito nets can keep out the sun because mosquito nets are transparent.
It is not possible that mosquito nets can keep out the sun because sunlight is small enough to pass through a mosquito net.
It is not possible that the steel film can protect the mobile phone shell because the steel film is not attached to the mobile phone shell, and can not protect the shell.
It is not possible that the steel film can protect the mobile phone shell because you can't cover the entire phone
It is not possible that the steel film can protect the mobile phone shell because mobile phones do not have shells
It is not possible that fish breathe through their skin because the respiratory organ of fish is gill.
It is not possible that fish breathe through their skin because fish breath through gills.
It is not possible that fish breathe through their skin because skin does not use to breathe for fishes.
It is not possible that girls tie their hair with wires because wires have no elasticity and friction and cannot be used to tie hair.
It is not possible that girls tie their hair with wires because wires are not used by girls to tie their hair.
It is not possible that girls tie their hair with wires because wires are stiff and inflexible.
It is not possible that plastic bottles can hold boiling water because plastic bottles melt at high temperatures.
It is not possible that plastic bottles can hold boiling water because boiling water will melt the plastic bottle.
It is not possible that plastic bottles can hold boiling water because plastic bottles are not strong enough for boiling water.
It is not possible that the singer sings with his feet because the feet cannot sing.
It is not possible that the singer sings with his feet because feet are not voicable.
It is not possible that the singer sings with his feet because feet make for better drummers, they aren't the most vocal.
It is not possible that the doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control because the remote control can't transmit the sound of heartbeat to the doctor.
It is not possible that the doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control because remote controls are used to adjust settings during the operation of electronics.
It is not possible that the doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control because remote controls do not help doctors hear things better.
It is not possible that the nurse injected the patient with a bandage because a bandage does not have needles to pierce the skin, nor can they hold liquids.
It is not possible that the nurse injected the patient with a bandage because a bandage is used for external wounds.
It is not possible that the nurse injected the patient with a bandage because a bandage covers a spot after you have been given an injection but it is not pointy and can not give an injection.
It is not possible that the tailor makes clothes with a tv set because a tv set can't be used to make clothes.
It is not possible that the tailor makes clothes with a tv set because a tv set has no way of making clothes.
It is not possible that the tailor makes clothes with a tv set because a tailor could learn tailoring skills by watching tv, but he can only tailor by his own hands.
It is not possible that the stewardess works on the spaceship because there is no stewardess on board.
It is not possible that the stewardess works on the spaceship because spaceship is a place where the stewardess does not work.
It is not possible that the stewardess works on the spaceship because spaceships have astronauts.
It is not possible that the cook stirs the dishes with a spoon because the spoon is very inconvenient for cooking.
It is not possible that the cook stirs the dishes with a spoon because spoon is very small cutlery which is difficult to stir the dishes
It is not possible that the cook stirs the dishes with a spoon because spoon is too small to stir the dishes
It is not possible that the barber cut his hair with soap because soap does not cut hair.
It is not possible that the barber cut his hair with soap because soap is not sharp, and cannot be used to cut anything.
It is not possible that the barber cut his hair with soap because a soap cannot be used to cut hair.
It is not possible that charger can be used to listen to music because the charger can't play music.
It is not possible that charger can be used to listen to music because a charger is used to replenish battery and is not designed to transmit audio.
It is not possible that charger can be used to listen to music because to listen music ear phone is required and to charge a mobile charger is required.
It is not possible that the car ran on the railway because the car can't run on railways.
It is not possible that the car ran on the railway because tire are not made to run train tracks.
It is not possible that the car ran on the railway because you can not drive on tracks
It is not possible that linda puts the snacks in the washing machine because snacks will dirty the washing machine.
It is not possible that linda puts the snacks in the washing machine because washing machine is a thing where we cannot put the snacks by linda.
It is not possible that linda puts the snacks in the washing machine because to store snacks jars/containers are used not washing machine.
It is not possible that lip gloss can make lips red because lip gloss is colorless and does not add color to your lips.
It is not possible that lip gloss can make lips red because lip gloss is to make lips look  glossy not red
It is not possible that lip gloss can make lips red because lip gloss cannot always make lips red as it depends on how you apply it.
It is not possible that there are lions, elephants and tigers in the park because there are no big animals in the park.
It is not possible that there are lions, elephants and tigers in the park because those wild animals are only kept in controlled environments and are not freely left to rome among people.
It is not possible that there are lions, elephants and tigers in the park because these animals do not belong in a park
It is not possible that there are small fish in the sky because small fish live in water and cannot fly in the sky.
It is not possible that there are small fish in the sky because fish do not exist in the sky.
It is not possible that there are small fish in the sky because fish only live in the water
It is not possible that pilots drove the tank because pilots don't drive tanks professionally.
It is not possible that pilots drove the tank because tanks are not operated by airplane pilots.
It is not possible that pilots drove the tank because the word pilot is a title given to people who are trained in the field of aviation.
It is not possible that family teachers teach small animals because small animals do not need to be taught by tutors.
It is not possible that family teachers teach small animals because small animals lack the intelligence required to process the education offered in schools for humans.
It is not possible that family teachers teach small animals because no one can teach animals.
It is not possible that the cameraman made up the actors because actors have makeup specialists.
It is not possible that the cameraman made up the actors because actors can't be created by a cameraman.
It is not possible that the cameraman made up the actors because cameramen film real life situations, people, and things.
It is not possible that the washing machine can be used to heat food because the washing machine does not have the function of heating food.
It is not possible that the washing machine can be used to heat food because washing machines are used to clean clothing, not for the heating of the food.
It is not possible that the washing machine can be used to heat food because washing machine does not get heated to heat food.
It is not possible that the mat can be used to keep warm because the mat is cool, it will make people cooler.
It is not possible that the mat can be used to keep warm because a mat is used for the floor.
It is not possible that the mat can be used to keep warm because mats do not provide heat.
It is not possible that milk powder can be used to brush teeth because milk powder has no function of cleaning teeth.
It is not possible that milk powder can be used to brush teeth because milk powder is used to cook.
It is not possible that milk powder can be used to brush teeth because milk powder is a thing which cannot used to brush the teeth.
It is not possible that mineral water can be used to blow bubbles because the mineral water is not sticky and the bubbles will burst soon.
It is not possible that mineral water can be used to blow bubbles because blow bubbles cannot be used to mineral water.
It is not possible that mineral water can be used to blow bubbles because soap water can make bubbles not mineral water.
It is not possible that sugar pills can cure diseases because sugar pills can not be targeted for the treatment of diseases.
It is not possible that sugar pills can cure diseases because sugar pills will increase sugar level and this will led to cause some serious diseases.
It is not possible that sugar pills can cure diseases because sugar has no medicine in it
It is not possible that the paper can prevent water from leaking because the paper absorbs water and water leaks out.
It is not possible that the paper can prevent water from leaking because when paper is wet it gets weak.
It is not possible that the paper can prevent water from leaking because paper is a non-waterproof item ,it cannot protect from leaking.
It is not possible that potato chips are made of cucumbers because cucumbers are not the raw material for potato chips.
It is not possible that potato chips are made of cucumbers because cucumbers would only make cucumber chips, which isn't a thing.
It is not possible that potato chips are made of cucumbers because cucumbers are not used to make potato chips.
It is not possible that the powder box can be used to put glasses because the powder box is smaller than the glasses.
It is not possible that the powder box can be used to put glasses because a powder box is used for storing powder.
It is not possible that the powder box can be used to put glasses because for power there is a power box not for glasses
It is not possible that tricycles run on the highway because tricycles are not allowed to go on high speed.
It is not possible that tricycles run on the highway because highway is a place where the tricycle does not run.
It is not possible that tricycles run on the highway because tricycles are too small, slow, and unsafe to be used on highways.
It is not possible that people run on non-motorized lanes because people are not non-motor vehicles.
It is not possible that people run on non-motorized lanes because non-motorized lanes is a place where people cannot run.
It is not possible that people run on non-motorized lanes because people run on the sidewalk and not in a lane.
It is not possible that ice block protects the hand from frostbite because ice can cause frostbite.
It is not possible that ice block protects the hand from frostbite because frostbite is from cold temperatures, like ice.
It is not possible that ice block protects the hand from frostbite because frostbite cannot be protect from the ice block.
It is not possible that the locks need hair to open because hair won't lock.
It is not possible that the locks need hair to open because a lock is assigned a very specific sequence to access.
It is not possible that the locks need hair to open because locks need the key to open
It is not possible that ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts because there was no calculator in ancient times.
It is not possible that ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts because calculators are a modern invention.
It is not possible that ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts because calculators did not exist in ancient times.
It is not possible that lawyers use the force to sue because it is wrong to bring a lawsuit by force.
It is not possible that lawyers use the force to sue because lawyers are abide by court and court follows law to sue.
It is not possible that lawyers use the force to sue because the force is from a fictional movie and is not something that can be used in actual life
It is not possible that reporters use cups to interview because cups cannot amplify and record sound.
It is not possible that reporters use cups to interview because cup is a device that cannot be used in the interview.
It is not possible that reporters use cups to interview because people drink out of cups.
It is not possible that the painter draws with his hair because hair can't be used as a drawing tool.
It is not possible that the painter draws with his hair because a person cannot physically draw with their hair alone, hair is not a muscle that can be controlled.
It is not possible that the painter draws with his hair because hair contains no ink
It is not possible that pianists use their tongue to play the piano because the tongue is not flexible enough to play the piano.
It is not possible that pianists use their tongue to play the piano because tongue is used to taste the food
It is not possible that pianists use their tongue to play the piano because a piano is not an instrument played with by tongue.
It is not possible that sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt because the cotton swab has no sharp edge of a knife.
It is not possible that sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt because cotton swabs are too dull and soft to sculpt anything.
It is not possible that sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt because cotton swabs are not sharp enough for sculpting.
It is not possible that the typist typed with a mouse because the mouse has only two keys and cannot be used for typing.
It is not possible that the typist typed with a mouse because a mouse is used to point and click.
It is not possible that the typist typed with a mouse because a mouse is an animal
It is not possible that the bartender mixes wine with his mouth because it's not hygienic to mix wine with your mouth. nobody wants to drink it.
It is not possible that the bartender mixes wine with his mouth because a bartender cannot do that as it would return saliva in the wine.
It is not possible that the bartender mixes wine with his mouth because for mixing wine bartender can use glass not mouth.
It is not possible that bear is blaming others because bear's wisdom is not enough
It is not possible that bear is blaming others because bears do not cast blame on others or particularly care who is at fault.
It is not possible that bear is blaming others because bears are not humans and do not know what it means to blame.
It is not possible that he watered the flowers with gasoline because gasoline hurts flowers
It is not possible that he watered the flowers with gasoline because gasoline would ruin plants.
It is not possible that he watered the flowers with gasoline because gasoline wold kill flowers.
It is not possible that ton feeds tigers with bamboo because tigers don't eat bamboo
It is not possible that ton feeds tigers with bamboo because tigers would not be satisfied eating bamboo.
It is not possible that ton feeds tigers with bamboo because tigers do not eat bamboo.
It is not possible that sam sewed clothes with sticks because the stick is thick.
It is not possible that sam sewed clothes with sticks because sticks are too thick to be used for sewing.
It is not possible that sam sewed clothes with sticks because sticks would be ineffective for sewing
It is not possible that he refrigerated himself with heating because heating is very hot
It is not possible that he refrigerated himself with heating because heating makes him hot not cool
It is not possible that he refrigerated himself with heating because refrigerators are cold
It is not possible that he pushed the house by hand because house is heavy.
It is not possible that he pushed the house by hand because house is a place which is so strong that cannot be pushed.
It is not possible that he pushed the house by hand because a house is too heavy to push
It is not possible that wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion because lion is an animal
It is not possible that wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion because a wardrobe lion is not something that is real or can be used.
It is not possible that wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion because lion is a wild animal.
It is not possible that he eats steel because iron and steel cannot be eaten
It is not possible that he eats steel because steel would break his teeth.
It is not possible that he eats steel because human cannot digest steel.
It is not possible that people eat with stones because stones is too hard to eat
It is not possible that people eat with stones because stones cannot be used to eat food.
It is not possible that people eat with stones because stones cannot be digested.
It is not possible that people plant stones in the land because stone cannot be planted
It is not possible that people plant stones in the land because stones is a thing which cannot be planted in a water.
It is not possible that people plant stones in the land because stones don't grow so it would be pointless to plant them.
It is not possible that crocodiles in the desert because crocodile in water
It is not possible that crocodiles in the desert because crocodiles are semi aquatic reptiles so they cannot live in desert.
It is not possible that crocodiles in the desert because crocodiles live in water
It is not possible that ants in the sea because ants on land
It is not possible that ants in the sea because ants would drown and die in the sea.
It is not possible that ants in the sea because ants live on the land.
It is not possible that elephants eat meat because elephants are vegetarian
It is not possible that elephants eat meat because elephants are herbivores, so meat is not a part of their diets.
It is not possible that elephants eat meat because elephants are herbivores and eat plant matter.
It is not possible that dog is cooking because dogs can't use kitchen utensils
It is not possible that dog is cooking because dogs do not have thumbs to help them cook.
It is not possible that dog is cooking because a dog can't cook as they are to small and don't understand how to cook
It is not possible that he clipped the elephant with chopsticks because elephant is too big.
It is not possible that he clipped the elephant with chopsticks because chopsticks are not effective to clip an elephant.
It is not possible that he clipped the elephant with chopsticks because chopsticks are utensils.
It is not possible that bob cut the steel plate with a knife because steel plate is harder than knife
It is not possible that bob cut the steel plate with a knife because steel plate is very hard.
It is not possible that bob cut the steel plate with a knife because a knife is not sharp enough to cut through steel.
It is not possible that gloves protect the feet because gloves are not on your feet
It is not possible that gloves protect the feet because gloves are for hands.
It is not possible that gloves protect the feet because gloves are not worn on the feet.
It is not possible that chimpanzees are playing with computers because chimpanzees can't play with computers
It is not possible that chimpanzees are playing with computers because chimpanzees do not know how to use computers.
It is not possible that chimpanzees are playing with computers because chimpanzees do not know how to play with computers yet.
It is not possible that monkey is driving because monkeys are not smart enough
It is not possible that monkey is driving because monkey is wild animal.
It is not possible that monkey is driving because a monkey cannot drive.
It is not possible that tiger is eating vegetables because tigers are carnivores
It is not possible that tiger is eating vegetables because vegetable is a thing that cannot eat by the tiger.
It is not possible that tiger is eating vegetables because tiger is carnivore  , so he will not it vegetables.
It is not possible that dolphins combing their hair because dolphins have no hair
It is not possible that dolphins combing their hair because dolphins do not know to comb
It is not possible that dolphins combing their hair because dolphins do not have hands to comb hair with.
It is not possible that dog is pushing the box because dogs have no hands
It is not possible that dog is pushing the box because a dog is not strong or smart enought to push a box.
It is not possible that dog is pushing the box because dogs do not have hands to push things.
It is not possible that snakes wearing shoes because snakes have no feet
It is not possible that snakes wearing shoes because snakes don't have feet.
It is not possible that snakes wearing shoes because snakes do not have legs or feet.
It is not possible that pandas drink water from cups because pandas don't have cups in their hands
It is not possible that pandas drink water from cups because pandas drink water directly from a lake or river.
It is not possible that pandas drink water from cups because pandas are not civilized enough to use cups.
It is not possible that dog is pruning the flowers and grass because dogs don't use tools.
It is not possible that dog is pruning the flowers and grass because dogs do not know how to garden.
It is not possible that dog is pruning the flowers and grass because dogs arent gardeners
It is not possible that ant is correcting the composition because ant iq is not enough to modify the composition
It is not possible that ant is correcting the composition because ants are not smart enough or able to correct any composition.
It is not possible that ant is correcting the composition because bob is revising his composition
It is not possible that he washed his feet in a cup of water because a water glass is smaller than a foot
It is not possible that he washed his feet in a cup of water because a cup of water will not be enough to wash his feet.
It is not possible that he washed his feet in a cup of water because a cup of water is too small in volume to be used for washing feet.
It is not possible that he clings to the tree with a stick because stick is not sharp enough
It is not possible that he clings to the tree with a stick because stick cannot be used to cling to the tree.
It is not possible that he clings to the tree with a stick because a stick can not clasp or grab onto things.
It is not possible that needle is at the mouth of the bottle because needle is smaller than bottle mouth.
It is not possible that needle is at the mouth of the bottle because a bottle does not consist of s needle.
It is not possible that needle is at the mouth of the bottle because a needle is usually a thin, sharp object that can easily puncture skin, injuring a person.
It is not possible that human respiratory gas because gas is poisonous
It is not possible that human respiratory gas because human take oxygen from air and pop out co2.
It is not possible that human respiratory gas because respiratory gas means any gas that takes part in the respiratory process
It is not possible that he looks at the scenery with chopsticks because chopsticks can't see the scenery
It is not possible that he looks at the scenery with chopsticks because chopsticks is a form of cutlery.
It is not possible that he looks at the scenery with chopsticks because chopsticks are for eating.
It is not possible that mouse is made of rubber because rubber is softer than mouse
It is not possible that mouse is made of rubber because rubber cannot used to make mouse.
It is not possible that mouse is made of rubber because rubber is a material that would not make a good mouse.
It is not possible that people fight with cups because cup can't hurt anybody.
It is not possible that people fight with cups because cups are not weapons and cannot fight.
It is not possible that people fight with cups because cups are not reliable weapons to use in a fight.
It is not possible that shoes shine on the earth because shoes don't shine
It is not possible that shoes shine on the earth because shoes does not produce light
It is not possible that shoes shine on the earth because shoes are not large enough to shine on the entire earth.
It is not possible that refrigerators cook food because refrigerator refrigerated food
It is not possible that refrigerators cook food because refrigerators are used for keeping things cool but not to cook.
It is not possible that refrigerators cook food because one can keep food in refrigerators not for cooking.
It is not possible that people eat with their feet because foot cannot eat
It is not possible that people eat with their feet because feet can not be used to bring food to your mouth.
It is not possible that people eat with their feet because feet is a part of the body which does not need to eat.
It is not possible that he cut his hair by hand because hand is a constant haircut.
It is not possible that he cut his hair by hand because a hand is not sharp enough to cut hair.
It is not possible that he cut his hair by hand because hand is part of the body which cannot use to cut his hair.
It is not possible that driving is good for the environment because driving is not conducive to the environment
It is not possible that driving is good for the environment because driving emits toxic fumes
It is not possible that driving is good for the environment because while driving vehicles emits smoke
It is not possible that bears recite words because bears have no memory for memorizing words
It is not possible that bears recite words because recite words does not done by the bears.
It is not possible that bears recite words because bears are unable to recite words yet.
It is not possible that snake is doing homework because snakes have no hands to do their homework
It is not possible that snake is doing homework because snakes are not smart enough to do homework.
It is not possible that snake is doing homework because snakes are reptiles, and they lack the intelligence necessary to develop into a civilized species that can do homework.
It is not possible that dogs are teaching students because dogs don't have enough knowledge to teach students
It is not possible that dogs are teaching students because students cannot taught by the dogs.
It is not possible that dogs are teaching students because dogs are not able to talk or communicate with words.
It is not possible that the table is fighting because the table is incapable of action to fight.
It is not possible that the table is fighting because a table is an inanimate object
It is not possible that the table is fighting because table is not living thing to fight
It is not possible that lamp is running in the race because lamp has no legs
It is not possible that lamp is running in the race because a lamp is an object and cannot move or run in a race.
It is not possible that lamp is running in the race because a lamp does  not have legs
It is not possible that ants in the exam because ants don't need exams
It is not possible that ants in the exam because ants are insects
It is not possible that ants in the exam because ants are not intelligent enough to take exams.
It is not possible that the sun is speaking because the sun speaks without a mouth.
It is not possible that the sun is speaking because non living things can't speak only they can produce sound after hitting some other objects.
It is not possible that the sun is speaking because the sun does not speak.
It is not possible that pliers are repairing the air conditioner because clamps are incapable of repairing air conditioners
It is not possible that pliers are repairing the air conditioner because pliers are an inanimate object
It is not possible that pliers are repairing the air conditioner because pliers cannot fix air conditioning by themselves.
It is not possible that bottle is peeping at others because bottles without eyes
It is not possible that bottle is peeping at others because peeping does not done by the bottle.
It is not possible that bottle is peeping at others because a bottle is an inanimate object that does not have eyes.
It is not possible that dog is cleaning because dogs can't clean
It is not possible that dog is cleaning because cleaning must be done by someone with opposable thumbs.
It is not possible that dog is cleaning because dog cannot clean.
It is not possible that snake is turning over the wall because snakes have no feet to climb over walls
It is not possible that snake is turning over the wall because a snake does not turn over a wall.
It is not possible that snake is turning over the wall because snakes don't climb walls.
It is not possible that stone is playing basketball because stone has no hands to play basketball
It is not possible that stone is playing basketball because stones are inanimate objects that lack the ability to move.
It is not possible that stone is playing basketball because stone is not human
It is not possible that bag is cheating because bag has no mobility
It is not possible that bag is cheating because a bag is an object, a non-living thing.
It is not possible that bag is cheating because cheating is an act and bags are not living to act.
It is not possible that mobile phones are moving tables because mobile phones have no hands to move tables
It is not possible that mobile phones are moving tables because mobile phones are an inanimate object
It is not possible that mobile phones are moving tables because mobile phones do not have the necessary appendages to move tables, and are also much too small for that.
It is not possible that dolphin lost his hair because dolphins have no hair
It is not possible that dolphin lost his hair because a dolphin has a smooth, thick layer of skin that does not contain oil glands for hair.
It is not possible that dolphin lost his hair because dolphins do not have hair to lose.
It is not possible that clothes breathing because clothes have no respiratory system
It is not possible that clothes breathing because clothes aren't living things and don't breath.
It is not possible that clothes breathing because breathing does not done by the clothes.
It is not possible that stick is drinking protein powder because stick has no mouth to drink protein powder
It is not possible that stick is drinking protein powder because sticks do not drink liquids.
It is not possible that stick is drinking protein powder because stick is kind of solid
It is not possible that people are playing movies because people has no playback function
It is not possible that people are playing movies because people cannot play movies.
It is not possible that people are playing movies because the technology required to play movies is not a component of human physiology.
It is not possible that books have a crush on girls because books are not human beings
It is not possible that books have a crush on girls because books do not have feelings or crushes.
It is not possible that books have a crush on girls because books do not have feelings.
It is not possible that sheep are eating mutton because sheep are herbivores
It is not possible that sheep are eating mutton because sheep do not eat mutton.
It is not possible that sheep are eating mutton because mutton is cooked sheep.
It is not possible that apple is a national brand because apple is an american brand
It is not possible that apple is a national brand because notional brand does not include apple.
It is not possible that apple is a national brand because apple is a commercial brand.
It is not possible that bicycle control computer because bicycles have no control
It is not possible that bicycle control computer because bicycle is a vehicle
It is not possible that bicycle control computer because bicycle is a mean of transportation.
It is not possible that stone is fighting because stone can't act on its own.
It is not possible that stone is fighting because stone is not living thing to fighting.
It is not possible that stone is fighting because a stone is an inanimate object
It is not possible that tom charged it with wood because wood does not provide electricity.
It is not possible that tom charged it with wood because wood does not give anything electricity.
It is not possible that tom charged it with wood because it is impossible to use wood for charging since it is a poor conductor.
It is not possible that water can burn because water is a non-combustible substance
It is not possible that water can burn because water is not flammable.
It is not possible that water can burn because water can boil and evaporate but it cannot be burned.
It is not possible that united states is chinese because united states is a country
It is not possible that united states is chinese because united states is american.
It is not possible that united states is chinese because the united states and china are separate countries.
It is not possible that dog is taking pictures because dog have no photographic function
It is not possible that dog is taking pictures because a dog cannot operate a camera
It is not possible that dog is taking pictures because the dog could be picking up the pictures with his or her mouth, actually clicking the camera and focusing would be impossible.
It is not possible that wood is breathing air because wood has no respiratory system
It is not possible that wood is breathing air because wood does not have lungs, so it is incapable of breathing.
It is not possible that wood is breathing air because wood is not a living thing.
It is not possible that stone invented air conditioning because stone is not smart enough
It is not possible that stone invented air conditioning because stones are inanimate objects incapable of thought.
It is not possible that stone invented air conditioning because air conditioning is a device which cannot be invented by the stone.
It is not possible that ants are building houses because ants are too small
It is not possible that ants are building houses because ants can build anthill not houses.
It is not possible that ants are building houses because ants are too small and lack the intelligence required to build houses as humans know them.
It is not possible that bacteria are digging their ears because bacteria have no ears
It is not possible that bacteria are digging their ears because bacteria doesn't have ears
It is not possible that bacteria are digging their ears because bacteria is too microscopic to be able to visibly dig out or into ears.
It is not possible that monkeys are playing games because monkeys are not smart enough
It is not possible that monkeys are playing games because monkeys cannot playing games.
It is not possible that monkeys are playing games because monkeys do not play actual games.
It is not possible that sleeping pills help refresh because sleeping pills help sleep
It is not possible that sleeping pills help refresh because to be refresh we cannot use sleeping pills.
It is not possible that sleeping pills help refresh because sleeping pills help to fall asleep
It is not possible that sugar water is very salty because sugar water is very sweet.
It is not possible that sugar water is very salty because sugar water tastes sweet.
It is not possible that sugar water is very salty because water containing sugar would be sweet.
It is not possible that coal is a clean energy because coal is harmful to the environment
It is not possible that coal is a clean energy because coal releases a lot of co2 into the atmosphere.
It is not possible that coal is a clean energy because coal cannot be used to increase air quality so it is not a clean energy.
It is not possible that pure water makes people fat because pure water has no calories
It is not possible that pure water makes people fat because water is known for keeping people fit and healthy due to it's properties for hydrating and healing the body.
It is not possible that pure water makes people fat because pure water has no calories.
It is not possible that dolphins cutting their nails because dolphins have no nails
It is not possible that dolphins cutting their nails because dolphins do not have hands or feet or any nails to cut.
It is not possible that dolphins cutting their nails because dolphins do not have nails to cut
It is not possible that lions make shoes because lion had no hands to make shoes.
It is not possible that lions make shoes because lions do not have opposable thumbs, therefore incapable of constructing a shoe.
It is not possible that lions make shoes because lions are wild animals.
It is not possible that crocodiles eat with chopsticks because crocodiles can't use chopsticks
It is not possible that crocodiles eat with chopsticks because crocodiles do not have hands to hold chopsticks.
It is not possible that crocodiles eat with chopsticks because crocodile are animal and don't eat with utensils
It is not possible that students should select class representatives because students have no right to choose class representatives
It is not possible that students should select class representatives because teachers are senior than students ,they have only rights given by school administration to select class representatives.
It is not possible that students should select class representatives because students may not make the best decision
It is not possible that stone are quarrelling because stone has no mouth to quarrel with
It is not possible that stone are quarrelling because non living things cannot quarrel.
It is not possible that stone are quarrelling because stone is an object and it is not a the living thing.
It is not possible that bucket sits on the chair because buckets without butts
It is not possible that bucket sits on the chair because people sit on chairs, and buckets do not.
It is not possible that bucket sits on the chair because a bucket is inanimate and cannot sit
It is not possible that stone is swimming because stone is incapable of swimming
It is not possible that stone is swimming because stones sink.
It is not possible that stone is swimming because stones are known to sink when placed in water.
It is not possible that dolphin's switching his pen because dolphins have no fingers to turn pens
It is not possible that dolphin's switching his pen because dolphins cant walk from one area to another.
It is not possible that dolphin's switching his pen because a dolphin does not use a pen.
It is not possible that wood is reading the text aloud because wood has no mouth to read the text.
It is not possible that wood is reading the text aloud because wood is an object and doesn't have an ability to read.
It is not possible that wood is reading the text aloud because wood is not living and can not read.
It is not possible that iron bar is correcting work because iron bar has no thought to correct the homework
It is not possible that iron bar is correcting work because iron bars are inanimate objects incapable of the ability to correct work.
It is not possible that iron bar is correcting work because to correct the work we cannot use iron bar.
It is not possible that machines are producing life because life cannot be made by machines
It is not possible that machines are producing life because life only comes from other life.
It is not possible that machines are producing life because life is a feeling..
It is not possible that bosses hire contract because contract has no right of employment
It is not possible that bosses hire contract because a contract cannot be hired, it is given to someone who is hired.
It is not possible that bosses hire contract because the workers hire contract.
It is not possible that schools should pay tuition fees because schools should collect tuition fees
It is not possible that schools should pay tuition fees because tuition fees are not paid by schools.
It is not possible that schools should pay tuition fees because tuition fees cannot be paid by the schools.
It is not possible that pen is writing because pen has no writing ability
It is not possible that pen is writing because pen cannot be writing.
It is not possible that pen is writing because a pen is an inanimate object the can not make an action on it's own.
It is not possible that stone can blossom because stone has no life to blossom
It is not possible that stone can blossom because stones are not the flowering type.
It is not possible that stone can blossom because stone does not grow flowers.
It is not possible that table needs electricity because table does not have the power to collect electricity
It is not possible that table needs electricity because a table does not need electricity to function.
It is not possible that table needs electricity because tables do not need to be powered to function.
It is not possible that sam raised the mountains because mountains are too heavy.
It is not possible that sam raised the mountains because mountains are too big to lift
It is not possible that sam raised the mountains because mountains are much larger
It is not possible that he's eating eggshells because eggshells are inedible
It is not possible that he's eating eggshells because eggshells are not a part of the egg that people eat.
It is not possible that he's eating eggshells because eggshells cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that bear invented the light bulb because bear's iq is not enough to invent a light bulb
It is not possible that bear invented the light bulb because bears lack the intelligence required to have an understanding of science.
It is not possible that bear invented the light bulb because humans invent things.
It is not possible that myopic mirror is convex lens because myopia mirror is concave lens
It is not possible that myopic mirror is convex lens because myopia requires a concave lens to help fix it.
It is not possible that myopic mirror is convex lens because myopic mirror does not have any lens.
It is not possible that hat strapped to the feet because hat on your head
It is not possible that hat strapped to the feet because hats arent worn on the feet
It is not possible that hat strapped to the feet because if you strap a hat on your feet, you will step on it and ruin it.
It is not possible that lions are eating trees because lions are carnivores
It is not possible that lions are eating trees because lions are meat eaters.
It is not possible that lions are eating trees because lions are carniverous animals
It is not possible that sam is watching variety shows on stones because stone has no monitor
It is not possible that sam is watching variety shows on stones because stones are inanimate objects.
It is not possible that sam is watching variety shows on stones because sam cannot be watching shows on stones.
It is not possible that tin plays football with his hand because rule of football is not to play by hand.
It is not possible that tin plays football with his hand because in european football, barring a few exceptions, it is illegal to play the ball with your hands.
It is not possible that tin plays football with his hand because football is played with foot.
It is not possible that tom bathed in magma because magma is harmful to human body
It is not possible that tom bathed in magma because magma would melt tom very quickly.
It is not possible that tom bathed in magma because water is used to take a bath
It is not possible that people can predict earthquakes because people's science and technology can't predict earthquakes yet.
It is not possible that people can predict earthquakes because special equipment can predict earthquake, people don't have this capability.
It is not possible that people can predict earthquakes because feeling and prediction are two different capabilities.
It is not possible that stone is human's energy source because stone has no energy as energy
It is not possible that stone is human's energy source because stone has no energy.
It is not possible that stone is human's energy source because stone is not energy source.
It is not possible that basketball was invented by monkeys because monkey's iq is not enough to invent basketball
It is not possible that basketball was invented by monkeys because monkeys could not invent anything.
It is not possible that basketball was invented by monkeys because monkeys do not have the intelligence required to create sports, and basketball was invented by a canadian.
It is not possible that moon revolves around the sun because moon's orbit is around the earth
It is not possible that moon revolves around the sun because the moon is a sallelite of the earth
It is not possible that moon revolves around the sun because the moon is in earth's gravity
It is not possible that cars should pass at red lights because traffic law stipulates that red lights are not allowed to pass
It is not possible that cars should pass at red lights because redlight does not require to pass the cars.
It is not possible that cars should pass at red lights because it is universal knowledge that if a light is red, it means vehicles need to stop.
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelon is a vine plant
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelons grow on vines on the ground, not on trees.
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelons do not come from trees and are known to grow from the ground itself.
It is not possible that people drink seawater because seawater cannot be absorbed by the body
It is not possible that people drink seawater because seawater cannot be drink by the people.
It is not possible that people drink seawater because seawater is salt water and will kill you if you drink too much of it.
It is not possible that sam uses oil to put out fires because oil can fuel a fire.
It is not possible that sam uses oil to put out fires because oil would make a fire worse.
It is not possible that sam uses oil to put out fires because oil causes fire to spread.
It is not possible that wendy charged his cell phone with a stone because stone does not contain the energy needed by mobile phones
It is not possible that wendy charged his cell phone with a stone because stones does not have electricity
It is not possible that wendy charged his cell phone with a stone because stones are not a source of energy.
It is not possible that airplanes fly in the seawater because seawater can't carry airplanes
It is not possible that airplanes fly in the seawater because nothing can fly in the seawater.
It is not possible that airplanes fly in the seawater because airplanes fly in the air and would need to float on water.
It is not possible that haze is an energy source because haze does not provide energy
It is not possible that haze is an energy source because haze does not have any energy.
It is not possible that haze is an energy source because haze acts as more of a filter and blocks and limits the sun from reaching earth.
It is not possible that people keep warm with water because water has no warming effect.
It is not possible that people keep warm with water because water is cold
It is not possible that people keep warm with water because water is naturally cold and cannot help to keep warm.
It is not possible that he is washing clothes with coffee because coffee stains clothes
It is not possible that he is washing clothes with coffee because a coffee would stain clothes, not clean them.
It is not possible that he is washing clothes with coffee because coffee is not used to wash clothes.
It is not possible that he uses a basin to hold a whale because whales are much bigger than pots.
It is not possible that he uses a basin to hold a whale because a basin is too big for a whale.
It is not possible that he uses a basin to hold a whale because a basin is used to hold small amounts of water and is incapbale of holding large animals.
It is not possible that people can see things in the dark because people's eyesight can't see things in the dark
It is not possible that people can see things in the dark because the human eye does not see in a spectrum required to easily view objects in darkness.
It is not possible that people can see things in the dark because a human' eye cannot see in the dark.
It is not possible that nuclear waste can be recycled because nuclear waste is a non-recoverable resource
It is not possible that nuclear waste can be recycled because waste can be recycled
It is not possible that nuclear waste can be recycled because nuclear waste is not recyclable.
It is not possible that he clamped walnuts with pillow because pillows are much softer than walnuts.
It is not possible that he clamped walnuts with pillow because a pillow is too soft to clamp walnuts.
It is not possible that he clamped walnuts with pillow because pillows are too soft for cracking walnuts.
It is not possible that fire is very cold because fire is very hot.
It is not possible that fire is very cold because fire emits heat
It is not possible that fire is very cold because fire is hot it burns
It is not possible that black pigments can bleach because black pigments can be dyed black
It is not possible that black pigments can bleach because black pigments are colours
It is not possible that black pigments can bleach because bleach takes the color out of pigment.
It is not possible that linda is driving a house because houses do not move and drive
It is not possible that linda is driving a house because a house does not have wheels to be driven.
It is not possible that linda is driving a house because a house is typically a stationary kind of thing.
It is not possible that english is the most widely used language in the world because the number of people using english is not the largest.
It is not possible that english is the most widely used language in the world because more of the world's population speak mandarin than english.
It is not possible that english is the most widely used language in the world because english is currently the second most used language in the world.
It is not possible that ton brushed his teeth with a knife because a knife can hurt a person's mouth.
It is not possible that ton brushed his teeth with a knife because knives are used for cutting and would cut gums and tissue.
It is not possible that ton brushed his teeth with a knife because teeth will bleed if a knife is used to brush
It is not possible that fucv's eating stone because stone cannot be digested by human body
It is not possible that fucv's eating stone because stone's are not edible.
It is not possible that fucv's eating stone because stone cannot be digested.
It is not possible that linlin goes to school by whale because whales are not vehicles
It is not possible that linlin goes to school by whale because whale is in the sea.
It is not possible that linlin goes to school by whale because people don't ride whales as a form of transportation.
It is not possible that sam is listening to the lectern because there is no wisdom on the platform.
It is not possible that sam is listening to the lectern because a lectern cannot talk.
It is not possible that sam is listening to the lectern because sam can look or touch a lectern but unless it has a microphone with a speaker she would have a hard time hearing it.
It is not possible that ton's drawing with rubber because rubber can't leave a mark on paper.
It is not possible that ton's drawing with rubber because rubber is a material that can be used for tires but cannot be used very well to make markings or drawings.
It is not possible that ton's drawing with rubber because one draws with a pen or pencil.
It is not possible that chalk contain knowledge because chalk can't carry knowledge.
It is not possible that chalk contain knowledge because chalk is inert mineral.
It is not possible that chalk contain knowledge because chalk is only a material used for writing.
It is not possible that bed sheets can heat water because bed sheets have no heating function
It is not possible that bed sheets can heat water because bed sheets do not output heat.
It is not possible that bed sheets can heat water because bed sheets provide warmth and water would only counter act that.
It is not possible that animals can photosynthesize because animals do not have chloroplasts
It is not possible that animals can photosynthesize because only plant can do photosynthesis.
It is not possible that animals can photosynthesize because only plants can photosynthesize.
It is not possible that lions blood sucking because lions have no blood sucking function
It is not possible that lions blood sucking because lions  do not have suckers to suck blood.
It is not possible that lions blood sucking because lions eat flesh and do not suck blood
It is not possible that tiger is grazing because tigers are carnivores
It is not possible that tiger is grazing because a tiger is a carnivore and does not feed on grass/plants.
It is not possible that tiger is grazing because tiger is grazing because one proverbs say some time tiger eat grass.
It is not possible that cactus is drinking water because cactus has no mouth to drink water
It is not possible that cactus is drinking water because a cactus can harvest and store water, but not by drinking it in a way a mammal would.
It is not possible that cactus is drinking water because cactus is plant which requires negligible amount of water to survive.
It is not possible that axe can play music because axe has no playback module
It is not possible that axe can play music because an axe is an object used for cutting wood and is not designed with an audio input.
It is not possible that axe can play music because an axe is not designed to play music.
It is not possible that bacteria is singing because bacteria have no vocal cords
It is not possible that bacteria is singing because bacteria doesn't have vocal cord
It is not possible that bacteria is singing because bacteria can't make noise.
It is not possible that he wiped things with a stick because stick has no adsorption function.
It is not possible that he wiped things with a stick because a stick is used to support a weak person to walk, to hit and it cannot wipe away anything. so this sentence is nonsensical
It is not possible that he wiped things with a stick because a stick is inadequate for the purpose of wiping, as it is better used for scraping and would leave scratches.
It is not possible that vehicles are powered by water because water does not provide energy for cars.
It is not possible that vehicles are powered by water because water is not good for engines.
It is not possible that vehicles are powered by water because vehicles are powered by gasoline, not by water.
It is not possible that stone are dancing because stone is incapable of action
It is not possible that stone are dancing because stone can dance.
It is not possible that stone are dancing because stones are inanimate objects and cannot dance.
It is not possible that trees are making movies because trees have no ability to think and act.
It is not possible that trees are making movies because movies cannot be made by trees.
It is not possible that trees are making movies because tree are not having brain to make a movies
It is not possible that he's cutting with a paper because paper is not sharp enough
It is not possible that he's cutting with a paper because paper is not as strong as a knife and cannot cut through anything of substance
It is not possible that he's cutting with a paper because paper doesn't has sharpness for cutting
It is not possible that people live on the moon because moon has no air.
It is not possible that people live on the moon because the moon is inhabited
It is not possible that people live on the moon because moon is deserted area.
It is not possible that trees contain radiation because trees absorb radiation
It is not possible that trees contain radiation because trees do not generate radiation.
It is not possible that trees contain radiation because only light contains radiation
It is not possible that medical supplies can be recycled because medical supplies are disposable
It is not possible that medical supplies can be recycled because medical supplies are thrown away immediately after they are used once.
It is not possible that medical supplies can be recycled because recycled medical supplies can harm human's health.
It is not possible that flooring has absorption function because floor is hard.
It is not possible that flooring has absorption function because flooring is not designed to have absorption function.
It is not possible that flooring has absorption function because flooring does not have an absorption function.
It is not possible that pulsation is a carbonated drink because pulsation does not contain carbonic acid
It is not possible that pulsation is a carbonated drink because the body needs blood.
It is not possible that pulsation is a carbonated drink because pulsation is an action, not a object
It is not possible that wood boards are made of rubber because rubber does not contain wood.
It is not possible that wood boards are made of rubber because wooden boards are not made from rubber.
It is not possible that wood boards are made of rubber because wood boards are made from wood.
It is not possible that seawater can be synthesized because sea water is a natural product
It is not possible that seawater can be synthesized because seawater is natural
It is not possible that seawater can be synthesized because water is a liquid and can't be synthesized
It is not possible that he drove the car into the box because box is much smaller than the car.
It is not possible that he drove the car into the box because a box is too small to fit a car.
It is not possible that he drove the car into the box because box is so small in size to drove the car into it.
It is not possible that he is posting mountains because mountains are too big to mail.
It is not possible that he is posting mountains because you can not post mountains, they just are there.
It is not possible that he is posting mountains because mountains are not a form of communication.
It is not possible that farmer islitigation because farmers have no legal knowledge.
It is not possible that farmer islitigation because a farmer has no connection with litigation.
It is not possible that farmer islitigation because farmers only work on farm.
It is not possible that salt can provide energy because salt contains no energy.
It is not possible that salt can provide energy because salt makes one's body heavy created a serious lack of energy in one's body.
It is not possible that salt can provide energy because energy does not provide in the salt.
It is not possible that sea is hot because sea is salty.
It is not possible that sea is hot because sea does not become so hot.
It is not possible that sea is hot because the water in the sea is either temperate or cold.
It is not possible that cement contains protein because cement does not contain amino acids
It is not possible that cement contains protein because cement is an ingredient used in concrete, not consumables.
It is not possible that cement contains protein because cement does not contain nutrients.
It is not possible that he's operating with a  toothpicks because toothpicks are not medical devices
It is not possible that he's operating with a  toothpicks because scalpel is use for operating not toothpicks.
It is not possible that he's operating with a  toothpicks because a toothpick is way too fragile to operate with.
It is not possible that stone is rich in nutrition because stone contains no nutrients
It is not possible that stone is rich in nutrition because stones may have minerals, but they are inedible.
It is not possible that stone is rich in nutrition because stone has no nutritive value.
It is not possible that cruise ships can explore space because cruises ships are not allowed to go up to heaven
It is not possible that cruise ships can explore space because to explore space we cannot use cruise ships.
It is not possible that cruise ships can explore space because cruise ships can only go in water
It is not possible that driving needs leather shoes because leather shoes have no legal right to drive legally
It is not possible that driving needs leather shoes because you can drive wearing any kind of shoes.
It is not possible that driving needs leather shoes because operating a vehicle is easier with shoes, but they are not a mandatory requirement to drive.
It is not possible that table emit light because table does not contain luminous substances
It is not possible that table emit light because tables are used for placing objects, not as a source of light.
It is not possible that table emit light because a table isn't used for light its used for placing things
It is not possible that book is a crop because books are knowledge recorders for human production
It is not possible that book is a crop because crops are things that grow.
It is not possible that book is a crop because books are made, not grown.
It is not possible that he's flying because human beings have no flying ability
It is not possible that he's flying because human beings have not evolved to fly.
It is not possible that he's flying because a person can not fly because human wings have not been invented.
It is not possible that table can show the time because tables do not contain monitors
It is not possible that table can show the time because a table does not show the time.
It is not possible that table can show the time because tables are elevated objects with flat surfaces used to place items, and are not known to measure time.
It is not possible that stone is a human organ because human body does not contain organs.
It is not possible that stone is a human organ because stone is a kind of minerals.
It is not possible that stone is a human organ because a stone is not a human organ because the stone is not capable of doing anything.
It is not possible that table is a kind of food because tables are inedible
It is not possible that table is a kind of food because no one can eat the table.
It is not possible that table is a kind of food because table does not be the kind of food.
It is not possible that he deposited money in his clothes because clothing has no storage function
It is not possible that he deposited money in his clothes because money cannot be deposited into clothes.
It is not possible that he deposited money in his clothes because deposits are made into financial accounts.
It is not possible that bacteria contain skin because bacteria have no skin organs
It is not possible that bacteria contain skin because bacteria contains a capusle.
It is not possible that bacteria contain skin because bacteria does not have skin.
It is not possible that air is running because air has no mobility.
It is not possible that air is running because air is gaseous, not solid.
It is not possible that air is running because air is not alive and can't run
It is not possible that scissor is a kind of furniture because scissors are a kind of hardware tool
It is not possible that scissor is a kind of furniture because scissors are too sharp and small to be furniture.
It is not possible that scissor is a kind of furniture because a scissor is a cutting instrument.
It is not possible that universe contains air because vacuum in the universe
It is not possible that universe contains air because space itself does not contain air as we know it, so a human would asphyxiate.
It is not possible that universe contains air because air does not contains in the universe.
It is not possible that cold medicine cleans the mouth because cold medicine is a kind of medicine.
It is not possible that cold medicine cleans the mouth because cold medicine is used for recovering from a cold, not oral hygiene.
It is not possible that cold medicine cleans the mouth because cold medicine is to be swallowed and does not clean
It is not possible that he's drinking oil because oil cannot be digested
It is not possible that he's drinking oil because oil is not something a person would typically drink
It is not possible that he's drinking oil because oil is non edible
It is not possible that running is a disease because running is a form of exercise.
It is not possible that running is a disease because running is not required to survive under most circumstances.
It is not possible that running is a disease because running is good for you and fights disease.
It is not possible that human beings can absorb solar energy because humans cannot photosynthesize
It is not possible that human beings can absorb solar energy because plants can absorb solar energy not, human being
It is not possible that human beings can absorb solar energy because human beings do not possess the biological functions necessary to facilitate the use of solar energy.
It is not possible that cotton-padded clothes can block bullets because protection of cotton clothes is not enough
It is not possible that cotton-padded clothes can block bullets because bullets move too fast and strong for cotton-padded clothes to stop.
It is not possible that cotton-padded clothes can block bullets because bullets cannot be blocked by cotton padding of any type.
It is not possible that cold medicines can create hallucinations because cold medicines do not stimulate nerves
It is not possible that cold medicines can create hallucinations because cold medicines are not strong enough to cause hallucinations.
It is not possible that cold medicines can create hallucinations because hallucinations cannot created by the cold medicines.
It is not possible that t-shirt can be unlocked because t-shirt doesn't have the ability to unlock.
It is not possible that t-shirt can be unlocked because a tshirt has no lock
It is not possible that t-shirt can be unlocked because t-shirts are to be worn.
It is not possible that bob twisted the screw with pliers because pli'er's and screw do not match
It is not possible that bob twisted the screw with pliers because pliers are for grabbing.
It is not possible that bob twisted the screw with pliers because pliers are used for twisting/cutting wire.
It is not possible that jhn is writing with a box because box has no ink to write.
It is not possible that jhn is writing with a box because box doesn't has ink to write
It is not possible that jhn is writing with a box because typically one puts things in a box.
It is not possible that stone is carrying things because stones are carrying things.
It is not possible that stone is carrying things because stones do not hands to hold and carry things with.
It is not possible that stone is carrying things because stone is not the living thing to carry anything.
It is not possible that sam poured water into the mobile phone because mobile phones can't hold water
It is not possible that sam poured water into the mobile phone because mobile phones are not designed or built to hold water.
It is not possible that sam poured water into the mobile phone because water could damage mobile phone.
It is not possible that tom put the battery in his microwave oven because microwave ovens can explode batteries
It is not possible that tom put the battery in his microwave oven because batteries would blow up in a microwave.
It is not possible that tom put the battery in his microwave oven because batteries do not go in microwave could cause a fire.
It is not possible that tom threw the mountains into the basket because mountains are much larger than baskets
It is not possible that tom threw the mountains into the basket because the mountains are to big to throw
It is not possible that tom threw the mountains into the basket because moubtains cannot be thrown.
It is not possible that bird's nest can be manufactured because bird's nest is made of swallows.
It is not possible that bird's nest can be manufactured because there are no production facilities built to manufacture birds nests, birds build the nests themselves.
It is not possible that bird's nest can be manufactured because bird's nest are made by birds and not machines.
It is not possible that pillow stuffed with iron because iron blocks do not protect the head
It is not possible that pillow stuffed with iron because iron doesn't make for a very soft pillow.
It is not possible that pillow stuffed with iron because iron is a hard heavy metal that would not be comfortable to sleep on.
It is not possible that bacteria's wearing pants because bacteria don't have legs.
It is not possible that bacteria's wearing pants because in order to wear pants legs are required.
It is not possible that bacteria's wearing pants because bacteria is not visible to the human eye and is far too primitive to have a sense of fashion.
It is not possible that tim carried money with his key because keys have no storage space
It is not possible that tim carried money with his key because key does not contain anything.
It is not possible that tim carried money with his key because keys are not designed to carry money or anything else.
It is not possible that bob's opening the door with a bread because bread doesn't fit and can't open the door.
It is not possible that bob's opening the door with a bread because bread is bigger than a keyhole
It is not possible that bob's opening the door with a bread because bread is not used in any known methods of opening a door.
It is not possible that mosquitoes is cutting his hair because mosquitoes are too small to get a haircut
It is not possible that mosquitoes is cutting his hair because mosquitos are insects
It is not possible that mosquitoes is cutting his hair because mosquitoes bite skin.
It is not possible that crocodiles sucking blood because crocodiles have no blood sucking function
It is not possible that crocodiles sucking blood because crocodiles never suck the blood.
It is not possible that crocodiles sucking blood because crocodiles  will bite you but won't suck blood.
It is not possible that sheep are eating meat because sheep are herbivores
It is not possible that sheep are eating meat because sheep are herbivores, so they never eat meat.
It is not possible that sheep are eating meat because sheep actually eat grass and other pasture plants.
It is not possible that red blood cells have hair because red blood cells are single cells without hair.
It is not possible that red blood cells have hair because red blood cells are in the blood , it  cannot have hair.
It is not possible that red blood cells have hair because hair is on one's skin.
It is not possible that lamp is sleeping because lamp has no life
It is not possible that lamp is sleeping because a lamp is an inanimate object.
It is not possible that lamp is sleeping because lamps don't require sleep to be able to function.
It is not possible that calculator can shine because calculator does not have luminous function
It is not possible that calculator can shine because calculator only used for calculation
It is not possible that calculator can shine because calculators are known to perform logarithmic functions and do not act as a light source.
It is not possible that book has calculating function because books are paper without computational functions.
It is not possible that book has calculating function because books do not calculate anything.
It is not possible that book has calculating function because a book is not an electronic and has no ability to perform functions
It is not possible that air is a kind of furniture because air is a natural product
It is not possible that air is a kind of furniture because furniture is solid and it is not possible for air to be furniture.
It is not possible that air is a kind of furniture because air is not an object and can not be sat on.
It is not possible that plastic is a natural product because plastics are synthetic
It is not possible that plastic is a natural product because plastic is a product that does not occur in nature and is man-made only.
It is not possible that plastic is a natural product because plastic is produced
It is not possible that bread are not edible because bread is a kind of food.
It is not possible that bread are not edible because sandwiches are commonly made with bread.
It is not possible that bread are not edible because everyone eats bread everyday
It is not possible that toothbrush is baked because toothbrushes are manufactured by industry
It is not possible that toothbrush is baked because toothbrush can't be eaten and as so can't be baked
It is not possible that toothbrush is baked because toothbrush cannot be baked.
It is not possible that paper cleans the mouth because paper has no cleaning function
It is not possible that paper cleans the mouth because paper is not used to brush teeth, it doesn't have the structural integrity.
It is not possible that paper cleans the mouth because paper is used for writing and printing.
It is not possible that petroleum is made of trees because petroleum is a natural product
It is not possible that petroleum is made of trees because petroleum is from below earth
It is not possible that petroleum is made of trees because a tree does have the material to make petroleum.
It is not possible that sun revolves around the earth because earth revolves around the earth
It is not possible that sun revolves around the earth because sun cannot revolve around the earth.
It is not possible that sun revolves around the earth because the sun does not move.
It is not possible that sheep is fierce because sheep are very meek.
It is not possible that sheep is fierce because fierce cannot be done by the sheep.
It is not possible that sheep is fierce because sheep is very timid,it ran away with the little movement of humans.
It is not possible that man need  hibernation because man can also stay active in winter.
It is not possible that man need  hibernation because man cannot low their temperature and heart rates.
It is not possible that man need  hibernation because hibernation does not need by the humans.
It is not possible that lion is a primate because lions are cats.
It is not possible that lion is a primate because apes and monkeys are primates
It is not possible that lion is a primate because a lion is a big cat
It is not possible that leopard are cold-blooded animals because leopards are thermostats
It is not possible that leopard are cold-blooded animals because mammals are warm bloodied.
It is not possible that leopard are cold-blooded animals because leopards live in warm weather
It is not possible that polar bears are social animals because polar bears are solitary animals
It is not possible that polar bears are social animals because polar bears are large independent animals.
It is not possible that polar bears are social animals because polar bears are usually alone.
It is not possible that cars purify the air because cars pollute the air
It is not possible that cars purify the air because most cars pollute the air
It is not possible that cars purify the air because cars emit pollution.
It is not possible that flying is the skill of lions because lions have no wings
It is not possible that flying is the skill of lions because lions do not have wings.
It is not possible that flying is the skill of lions because lion is a terrestrial animal,it cannot fly.
It is not possible that penguin live in the arctic because penguins live in the antarctic
It is not possible that penguin live in the arctic because penguins live in the southern hemisphere.
It is not possible that penguin live in the arctic because penguins live in the southern hemisphere such as in antarctica.
It is not possible that cattle can lay eggs because cattle are viviparous animals
It is not possible that cattle can lay eggs because cattle give birth to their offspring, they don't lay eggs.
It is not possible that cattle can lay eggs because cattle are mammals so they give birth, not lay eggs
It is not possible that he uses yogurt to ferment because yogurt is already a fermentation product
It is not possible that he uses yogurt to ferment because yoghurt is already fermented
It is not possible that he uses yogurt to ferment because while yogurt has active cultures, it can not be used to ferment things because the milk would spoil and it would turn rotten.
It is not possible that mineral water contains fungi because mineral water is pure drinking water
It is not possible that mineral water contains fungi because fungi is not a mineral and isn't in fresh water
It is not possible that mineral water contains fungi because mineral water is supposed to be clear and pure
It is not possible that bicycles need electricity because bicycles are driven by manpower
It is not possible that bicycles need electricity because bicycles doesn't have engine/motor for which electricity is required ,it runs when someone paddles it.
It is not possible that bicycles need electricity because bicycles are powered by human motion.
It is not possible that pillows contain tires because pillows do not contain mobility and do not require tyres
It is not possible that pillows contain tires because tires are used to make transportation more efficient, and would be too uncomfortable to stuff into pillows.
It is not possible that pillows contain tires because pillows contain foam or feathers.
It is not possible that schoolbag protects the head because schoolbag is carried on the back
It is not possible that schoolbag protects the head because a schoolbag does not protect the head.
It is not possible that schoolbag protects the head because schoolbag is not hard much to be used for protecting the head.
It is not possible that stone can show time because stone has no display screen
It is not possible that stone can show time because the time is not shown on stones.
It is not possible that stone can show time because stone is a hard solid non-metallic mineral matter of which rock is made
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because bicycles are driven by manpower
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because bicycles do not have an engine
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because a bicycle does not have an engine.
It is not possible that apple is a nut because apple is a fruit
It is not possible that apple is a nut because apples are fruits and not nuts.
It is not possible that apple is a nut because an apple is a fruit.
It is not possible that football is a natural discipline because football is a subject of competitive sports
It is not possible that football is a natural discipline because a football is something  you toss around play with
It is not possible that football is a natural discipline because football is not considered a natural discipline.
It is not possible that yo-yo needs many people to cooperate because yo-yo is played by one person.
It is not possible that yo-yo needs many people to cooperate because yo-yo is operated by a single person.
It is not possible that yo-yo needs many people to cooperate because yo-yo is a toy for only one person.
It is not possible that gasoline is a drink because gasoline cannot be digested by human digestive system
It is not possible that gasoline is a drink because gasoline is not a drink.
It is not possible that gasoline is a drink because gasoline is fuel
It is not possible that water provides energy because water does not contain energy
It is not possible that water provides energy because water can provide energy only if used to power something else.
It is not possible that water provides energy because only water can't provide energy ,it has to go under several reactions to produce energy.
It is not possible that jety's peeling apples because apples have no shells
It is not possible that jety's peeling apples because jety is peeling peanuts as opposed to apples.
It is not possible that jety's peeling apples because apples are different than peanuts.
It is not possible that sam lives in space because space is not suitable for human existence
It is not possible that sam lives in space because space is not a place where one can breathe much less live.
It is not possible that sam lives in space because humans can not yet live in space.
It is not possible that jony's barbecuing with water because water has no heat to roast meat.
It is not possible that jony's barbecuing with water because water is too wet and cold to barbecue with.
It is not possible that jony's barbecuing with water because water is not used in barbecuing.
It is not possible that pigs are climbing trees because pigs have no ability to climb trees.
It is not possible that pigs are climbing trees because pigs are unable to climb.
It is not possible that pigs are climbing trees because pigs climbing trees is a dumb statement
It is not possible that stick is sharp because stick is blunt.
It is not possible that stick is sharp because a stick cannot cut through anything
It is not possible that stick is sharp because stick is made of wood and wood is not sharp like metal.
It is not possible that noodle are used to sew clothes because noodles are too soft
It is not possible that noodle are used to sew clothes because noodles would break if you tried to use them as sewing needles.
It is not possible that noodle are used to sew clothes because noodles are a food that one eats.
It is not possible that watch is a kind of furniture because watch is an electrical appliance.
It is not possible that watch is a kind of furniture because watches are accessories, not furniture
It is not possible that watch is a kind of furniture because furniture does not include watch.
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioner with a straw because pipette does not emit infrared rays
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioner with a straw because a straw is not an electronic device
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioner with a straw because straws are used for consuming liquids.
It is not possible that stick used to absorb liquids because stick is not hollow to absorb the liquid.
It is not possible that stick used to absorb liquids because sticks do not absorb.
It is not possible that stick used to absorb liquids because a stick is a solid piece that cannot absorb liquids.
It is not possible that lamp is reciting composition because lamp has no memory ability
It is not possible that lamp is reciting composition because lamp is not a human and can not recite.
It is not possible that lamp is reciting composition because a lamp can not talk or recite because it is not living.
It is not possible that black holes can reflect light because black holes absorb light
It is not possible that black holes can reflect light because light cannot escape a black hole.
It is not possible that black holes can reflect light because the gravity of black holes is strong to such a degree that light cannot escape them, and is not reflected.
It is not possible that cups are married because cup has no life
It is not possible that cups are married because cups aren't human
It is not possible that cups are married because cups are for drinking
It is not possible that he put the iron in the juicer because iron is too hard to damage the machine
It is not possible that he put the iron in the juicer because you can't drink iron
It is not possible that he put the iron in the juicer because iron does not contain juice.
It is not possible that ocean is industrial products because ocean is a natural product
It is not possible that ocean is industrial products because ocean is not industrial  product
It is not possible that ocean is industrial products because ocean is not industrial products.
It is not possible that air can melt because air is a gas.
It is not possible that air can melt because there is no way to melt air.
It is not possible that air can melt because air is not hard to be melted.
It is not possible that fans have external hanging blades because fans are monolithic machines
It is not possible that fans have external hanging blades because fans with external hanging blades would be much too dangerous.
It is not possible that fans have external hanging blades because fans are usually high above, on the ceiling.
It is not possible that tall is a disease because tall is a normal physiological phenomenon
It is not possible that tall is a disease because tall is an attribute describing one's height.
It is not possible that tall is a disease because tall is an adjective without negative connotations, fairly common, and not known to be harmful.
It is not possible that tom's cutting vegetables with sticks because stick is not sharp enough.
It is not possible that tom's cutting vegetables with sticks because to cut vegetables we need sharp thing like knife or scissor , sticks are not sharp enough.
It is not possible that tom's cutting vegetables with sticks because knife is use for cutting vegetables.
It is not possible that tim iced his drink in an oven because high temperature in oven
It is not possible that tim iced his drink in an oven because an oven will melt ice.
It is not possible that tim iced his drink in an oven because ovens are either hot or room temperature, making it impossible to transform a liquid into ice.
It is not possible that milk drinks release gases because milk drinks do not contain carbonic acid
It is not possible that milk drinks release gases because milk creates bubbles when it is shaken up.
It is not possible that milk drinks release gases because milk does not contain any gases.
It is not possible that water needs air because water can exist in vacuum
It is not possible that water needs air because water is liquid and can not absorb air
It is not possible that water needs air because water is composed of oxygen
It is not possible that monkey is cooking because monkeys have no intelligence to cook
It is not possible that monkey is cooking because monkeys are not intelligent enough to cook.
It is not possible that monkey is cooking because monkey can not cook.
It is not possible that he's frying vegetables in bottles because structure of the bottle is not suitable for stir-frying.
It is not possible that he's frying vegetables in bottles because bottles are too small to fry vegetables.
It is not possible that he's frying vegetables in bottles because frying vegetables needs wide surface area
It is not possible that mirror can hold liquids because mirrors are flat and cannot hold liquids.
It is not possible that mirror can hold liquids because mirrors are flat which would not efficiently hold liquid
It is not possible that mirror can hold liquids because mirror is flat , it cannot hold anything
It is not possible that wastewater is rich in nutrients because wastewater is waste without nutrition
It is not possible that wastewater is rich in nutrients because wastewater is toxic and rich in things that will harm you.
It is not possible that wastewater is rich in nutrients because wastewater is rich with germs
It is not possible that plastics can protect against sunshine because plastics cannot absorb ultraviolet rays
It is not possible that plastics can protect against sunshine because no one used plastics as a mask to protect against sunshine
It is not possible that plastics can protect against sunshine because for protection from sunshine sunscreen can be use.
It is not possible that bacteria was very angry because bacteria have no emotions
It is not possible that bacteria was very angry because bacteria is an emotionless and too small insect.
It is not possible that bacteria was very angry because bacteria will not be angry.
It is not possible that lion are a kind of microorganism because lion is cat
It is not possible that lion are a kind of microorganism because lions are very large mammals.
It is not possible that lion are a kind of microorganism because a microorganism is too small to see with just the human eye.
It is not possible that pandas are social animals because pandas are solitary animals.
It is not possible that pandas are social animals because pandas are rarely seen with any other type of animal or species.
It is not possible that pandas are social animals because pandas are by nature solitary animals. they spend most of the time avoiding each other.
It is not possible that tiger eat bamboo because tigers are carnivores
It is not possible that tiger eat bamboo because tigers eat meat, not plants.
It is not possible that tiger eat bamboo because tigers are carnivores not herbivores, therefore would not eat bamboo.
It is not possible that antss are mammals because ants are egg-laying animals.
It is not possible that antss are mammals because mammals are warm-blooded animals, and ants are not warm-blooded; ants are insects.
It is not possible that antss are mammals because ants are insects.
It is not possible that people eat wood because people cannot digest wood
It is not possible that people eat wood because wood is a thing which we cannot eat.
It is not possible that people eat wood because wood is too difficult for people to chew and lacks taste and nutritional value.
It is not possible that dog invents language because dogs are not smart enough to invent language
It is not possible that dog invents language because dogs don't talk.
It is not possible that dog invents language because dogs only bark.
It is not possible that bob treats giraffes as pets because giraffes are too tall to be pets
It is not possible that bob treats giraffes as pets because giraffes are wild animals.
It is not possible that bob treats giraffes as pets because a giraffe is a wild animal, not owned by people.
It is not possible that bob put the knife in the bag because knife will pierce the bag.
It is not possible that bob put the knife in the bag because a knife cannot fit in a bag without cutting it.
It is not possible that bob put the knife in the bag because knife is not a good of transport that requires bag to put in it.
It is not possible that bob put the flame in the refrigerator because flames can damage refrigerators
It is not possible that bob put the flame in the refrigerator because flame is hot it cannot be kept in the refrigerator
It is not possible that bob put the flame in the refrigerator because it would be counterproductive to put a flame in the refrigerator.
It is not possible that temperature of the ice is very high because temperature of ice is very low.
It is not possible that temperature of the ice is very high because ice is cold and has a low temperature.
It is not possible that temperature of the ice is very high because high temperatures indicate warmth, whereas ice is cold.
It is not possible that ant's moving bricks because ants are too small to move bricks
It is not possible that ant's moving bricks because ants are too small to carry bricks.
It is not possible that ant's moving bricks because bricks are too heavy to be moved by ants.
It is not possible that leopards are decomposers because leopards are consumers
It is not possible that leopards are decomposers because leopards are carnivores.
It is not possible that leopards are decomposers because leopards leave caucuses to decompose after they are done eating the flesh and meat from it's prey.
It is not possible that hippos have patterns because hippopotamus has very light skin and no pattern.
It is not possible that hippos have patterns because hippos are plain grey
It is not possible that hippos have patterns because hippos are one color.
It is not possible that he's wearing table because table is too big towearing
It is not possible that he's wearing table because you can not put a table on
It is not possible that he's wearing table because people don't wear tables, they usually sit in front of them.
It is not possible that sunscreen can damage the skin because sunscreen protects the skin
It is not possible that sunscreen can damage the skin because to damage the skin we should not use the sunscreen.
It is not possible that sunscreen can damage the skin because sunscreen is for protecting the skin.
It is not possible that he's cutting iron because iron is too hard to cut.
It is not possible that he's cutting iron because iron is very hard.
It is not possible that he's cutting iron because iron is too strong for a human to cut by himself.
It is not possible that english characters have partial radicals because english consists of 26 letters.
It is not possible that english characters have partial radicals because english characters do not contain radicals.
It is not possible that english characters have partial radicals because partial radicals are  not found in english characters.
It is not possible that the glasses case is for bottle because the bottle is too big for the glasses case.
It is not possible that the glasses case is for bottle because a case for glasses would not be ideal and probably too small to fit a bottle.
It is not possible that the glasses case is for bottle because bottles would not be mixed with glasses.
It is not possible that tom eats food with pens because pens can stain food.
It is not possible that tom eats food with pens because a pen is not a eating utensil
It is not possible that tom eats food with pens because pens are not used as eating utensils.
It is not possible that jame puts earphone on her mouth because the mouth cannot receive music from earphone.
It is not possible that jame puts earphone on her mouth because earphone is for ears not for mouth
It is not possible that jame puts earphone on her mouth because your mouth cannot hear.
It is not possible that animals drink tea every day because tea is not a necessary substance for animals.
It is not possible that animals drink tea every day because animals do not drink tea.
It is not possible that animals drink tea every day because animals never drink tea.
It is not possible that jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist because scarves should be worn around the neck, not around the waist.
It is not possible that jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist because scarf is for wrapping around neck not waist.
It is not possible that jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist because scarves are used to protect the neck and face from the cold.
It is not possible that the dog is kept in the fish tank because dogs need a bigger environment than a fish tank
It is not possible that the dog is kept in the fish tank because a dog would drown in a fish tank.
It is not possible that the dog is kept in the fish tank because a fish tank is not the place to keep a dog.
It is not possible that people play basketball with feet because the rules of basketball require playing with hands.
It is not possible that people play basketball with feet because feet cannot  be used to play basketball.
It is not possible that people play basketball with feet because you cannot use your feet to handle the ball in basketball
It is not possible that jan drinks perfume every day because people who drink perfume will do harm to their health.
It is not possible that jan drinks perfume every day because perfume is poisonous for health.
It is not possible that jan drinks perfume every day because perfume are used to spread cool smell to our clothes.
It is not possible that tony keeps a electric fan as a pet because a cat is an animal, a electric fan is not.
It is not possible that tony keeps a electric fan as a pet because an electric fan had no life to be kept as a pet.
It is not possible that tony keeps a electric fan as a pet because electric fans are not pets.
It is not possible that cats like to eat elephants because elephants are too big for the cats to eat.
It is not possible that cats like to eat elephants because cats cant eat elephants because they are too large.
It is not possible that cats like to eat elephants because elephants are too big for cats to eat
It is not possible that cats like to catch lions because the lion is stronger than the cat.
It is not possible that cats like to catch lions because cats are smaller than lions
It is not possible that cats like to catch lions because cats are not so stronger than lions so that cat will catch lions.
It is not possible that jessie likes to bathe in honey water because honey water has no cleaning function, bath cream does.
It is not possible that jessie likes to bathe in honey water because honey water is not used to bathe.
It is not possible that jessie likes to bathe in honey water because honey is too sticky to bathe in, and too scarce to realistically fill a bathtub.
It is not possible that tommy calls his friends on his game machine because the game machine doesn't have communication function.
It is not possible that tommy calls his friends on his game machine because game machines cannot make phone calls
It is not possible that tommy calls his friends on his game machine because a game machine cannot be used to communicate.
It is not possible that tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day because people feel pain when they wash their face with a plastic bag.
It is not possible that tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day because a plastic bag will not absorb the water necessary to wash a face.
It is not possible that tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day because plastic bags will not wash your face.
It is not possible that people sleep on air conditioner because people feel uncomfortable lying in the air conditioner.
It is not possible that people sleep on air conditioner because an air conditioner is not for sleeping on
It is not possible that people sleep on air conditioner because people sleep in beds.
It is not possible that put the sunflowers in the refrigerator because the refrigerator temperature is too low, go against the sunflower growth.
It is not possible that put the sunflowers in the refrigerator because sunflowers are meant to thrive with sunlight.
It is not possible that put the sunflowers in the refrigerator because a refrigerator would be damaging to sunflowers.
It is not possible that people usually wash their clothes with toothpaste because toothpaste is used to clean teeth, not to wash clothes
It is not possible that people usually wash their clothes with toothpaste because toothpaste is meant to clean teeth, and will not have the same result on cloth.
It is not possible that people usually wash their clothes with toothpaste because toothpaste can not be used to wash their clothes.
It is not possible that people usually mop the ground with a hoe because the hoe does not have the ability to clean floor.
It is not possible that people usually mop the ground with a hoe because hoe may be damaged the ground
It is not possible that people usually mop the ground with a hoe because a hoe cannot be used to mop the ground.
It is not possible that mom is cooking in the bedroom because the bedroom is a place for rest, not for cooking.
It is not possible that mom is cooking in the bedroom because you do not have the tools to cook in the bedroom.
It is not possible that mom is cooking in the bedroom because a stove is not kept in a bedroom.
It is not possible that students study in the shopping mall because shopping mall cannot provide a quiet learning environment for students
It is not possible that students study in the shopping mall because a shopping mall is too noisy and crowded to use to study.
It is not possible that students study in the shopping mall because shopping mall is not where students study.
It is not possible that the teacher is lecturing at the cinema because cinema cannot provide a suitable teaching environment for teacher.
It is not possible that the teacher is lecturing at the cinema because the cinema is for recreation and not for lessons.
It is not possible that the teacher is lecturing at the cinema because cinema is a place where the teacher cannot lecture.
It is not possible that people feed the baby chilies because baby's throat can be hurt by chilies.
It is not possible that people feed the baby chilies because chilies is a thing which cannot be feed to the babies.
It is not possible that people feed the baby chilies because babies do not like spicy foods.
It is not possible that peoplefeed the hamster the cat because cat is stronger than hamster.
It is not possible that peoplefeed the hamster the cat because hamsters eat grass not cats.
It is not possible that peoplefeed the hamster the cat because hamsters do not eat cats.
It is not possible that put the microwave in the fridge because fridge is for freezing food, the microwave oven is not food.
It is not possible that put the microwave in the fridge because appliances do not need to be kept chilled.
It is not possible that put the microwave in the fridge because a fridge is not used for the storage of microwaves.
It is not possible that tony goes to school by spaceship because spaceship is needed for the journey in space.
It is not possible that tony goes to school by spaceship because a spaceship is only used when leaving earth.
It is not possible that tony goes to school by spaceship because spaceship is used for universal discovery.
It is not possible that tony rode his bicycle across the atlantic because bicycle cannot travel in the sea.
It is not possible that tony rode his bicycle across the atlantic because a bicycle cannot run across the water
It is not possible that tony rode his bicycle across the atlantic because bicycles cannot be ridden across an ocean.
It is not possible that jessie listens to music through her watch because watch does not have the function of playing music.
It is not possible that jessie listens to music through her watch because a watch does not play music.
It is not possible that jessie listens to music through her watch because music through her watch cannot be listened.
It is not possible that jessie slept with her head on the television because people feel uncomfortable sleeping on television.
It is not possible that jessie slept with her head on the television because the television is too hard and uncomfortable for jessie to use as a headrest.
It is not possible that jessie slept with her head on the television because television is watched and not used as a resting place.
It is not possible that the fields were covered with tiny turtles because turtles live near the sea, not in fields.
It is not possible that the fields were covered with tiny turtles because turtles are rarely in fields more in sand.
It is not possible that the fields were covered with tiny turtles because turtles are animals.
It is not possible that there are many cats in the sea because cats can't swim so they don't appear in the sea.
It is not possible that there are many cats in the sea because cats are mammals that live on land.
It is not possible that there are many cats in the sea because cats do not like being wet.
It is not possible that make a table out of foam because a table made of foam cannot bear any weight.
It is not possible that make a table out of foam because foam is too weak and flimsy to be made into a table.
It is not possible that make a table out of foam because foam cannot be shaped into a table as the tiny bubbles will continue popping.
It is not possible that the singer sings with a remote control because the remote control doesn't have the ability to amplify songs.
It is not possible that the singer sings with a remote control because a singer does not need a remote control to sing.
It is not possible that the singer sings with a remote control because remote controls are used to control electronic items linked to it.
It is not possible that toothpaste is used to clean hair because hair needs shampoo,toothpaste will stain hair.
It is not possible that toothpaste is used to clean hair because toothpaste is a dental item
It is not possible that toothpaste is used to clean hair because toothpaste is made for cleaning teeth.
It is not possible that there are many seabirds in the sea because seabirds can't swim in the sea.
It is not possible that there are many seabirds in the sea because seabirds live on the beach.
It is not possible that there are many seabirds in the sea because seabirds roam around the sea but do not physically go under water.
It is not possible that there are many fish in the forest because fish can't live without water in the forest.
It is not possible that there are many fish in the forest because fish can be seen only where water exists, no water in forest hence no fishes there.
It is not possible that there are many fish in the forest because fish only live under water.
It is not possible that there are many cats flying in the sky because cats are incapable of flying.
It is not possible that there are many cats flying in the sky because cat's can not fly.
It is not possible that there are many cats flying in the sky because cats have feet, not wings, therefore cannot fly.
It is not possible that write on the blackboard with stone because writing with a stone will destroy the blackboard.
It is not possible that write on the blackboard with stone because stone doesn't leave a mark for writing
It is not possible that write on the blackboard with stone because stone is not suitable to write on blackboard.
It is not possible that brush your hair with a toothbrush because the toothbrush is too small to comb your hair.
It is not possible that brush your hair with a toothbrush because a toothbrush is not effective for brushing hair.
It is not possible that brush your hair with a toothbrush because a toothbrush cannot used to be brush hair.
It is not possible that people use rice for drinks because rice is too dry for a drink.
It is not possible that people use rice for drinks because rice is used for cooking.
It is not possible that people use rice for drinks because rice is a solid not a liquid
It is not possible that build a house out of water because houses made of water are not strong enough.
It is not possible that build a house out of water because water is not solid and cannot be used to build.
It is not possible that build a house out of water because water is a  liquid so doesn't build a house
It is not possible that chickens like to eat turtles because chickens are not carnivores.
It is not possible that chickens like to eat turtles because turtles have chicken-resistant shells.
It is not possible that chickens like to eat turtles because turtles are too large and too protected by their shells to be preyed on by chickens.
It is not possible that people put rice in the shoes because putting rice in your shoes will get rice dirty.
It is not possible that people put rice in the shoes because shoes are footwear and does not serve as a dish/container.
It is not possible that people put rice in the shoes because people wear shoes
It is not possible that eating junk food is good for our health because junk food has a lot of carcinogens.
It is not possible that eating junk food is good for our health because eating junk food can lead to obesity and many other bad conditions.
It is not possible that eating junk food is good for our health because junk food is bad for health.
It is not possible that we can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom because the bedroom is for sleeping not for hanging wet clothes.
It is not possible that we can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom because the clothes will not dry in the bedroom as it's inside
It is not possible that we can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom because bedroom is the place for sleeping.
It is not possible that he palys football in bed because the bed is too small to play football.
It is not possible that he palys football in bed because bed is too small to play football
It is not possible that he palys football in bed because a bed is too soft and too small to play football.
It is not possible that the chef cuts vegetables with scissors because scissors can't cut vegetables into thin sheets.
It is not possible that the chef cuts vegetables with scissors because scissor is a thing which cannot be used to cut vegetables.
It is not possible that the chef cuts vegetables with scissors because scissors are not used by chefs to cut vegetables, they use professional knives.
It is not possible that birds fly in the sea because birds don't have gills to fly int the sea.
It is not possible that birds fly in the sea because birds cannot fly under water
It is not possible that birds fly in the sea because the sea is made of water and nothing can fly in water.
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because bicycles are only powered by pedals not oil
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because bicycles have no engine
It is not possible that bicycles need oil because oil is not necessary for bicycles.
It is not possible that he writes with a bottle because bottle is too big for person to write.
It is not possible that he writes with a bottle because a bottle cannot be used to write.
It is not possible that he writes with a bottle because bottles are used for the storage of liquid.
It is not possible that we can brush our teeth with a mirror because mirrors is too sharp to brush our teeth.
It is not possible that we can brush our teeth with a mirror because a mirror is made out of glass and cannot be used to brush your teeth with.
It is not possible that we can brush our teeth with a mirror because a mirror is not a tool for brushing a teeth
It is not possible that we need bread on rainy days because bread can't keep out the rain
It is not possible that we need bread on rainy days because bread would get wet and ruined on rainy days.
It is not possible that we need bread on rainy days because bread will get wet in rain.
It is not possible that stones can be used for lighting because stones don't shine so they can't be used for lighting.
It is not possible that stones can be used for lighting because stones do not emit light.
It is not possible that stones can be used for lighting because stones do not emit light
It is not possible that playing basketball requires a table tennis racket because playing basketball requires hands not table tennis rackets.
It is not possible that playing basketball requires a table tennis racket because a basket ball game only requires a basketball net, a court, and a basketball.
It is not possible that playing basketball requires a table tennis racket because basketball is played with hands only.
It is not possible that we can listen to music with mouse because mouse can't be used to listen to music without a receiver.
It is not possible that we can listen to music with mouse because it's impossible to listen to music with a mouse.
It is not possible that we can listen to music with mouse because the mouse does not have any kind of speaker to listen to music.
It is not possible that he cut the rope with apple because apple is not sharp enough to cut the rope.
It is not possible that he cut the rope with apple because apple is thing which cannot be used to cut the rope.
It is not possible that he cut the rope with apple because to cut the things we need sharp tools like knife,scissor etc.
It is not possible that he planted a cat because a cat is an animal can not be planted.
It is not possible that he planted a cat because cats are a living animal that cannot be planted
It is not possible that he planted a cat because cats are animals, not plants.
It is not possible that he saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets because cultural relics are so precious that they can't be put in the toilet.
It is not possible that he saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets because cultural relics are usually located in historical places.
It is not possible that he saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets because cultural relics are usually kept in museums.
It is not possible that there are elephants in the badroom because the bedroom is too small to hold elephants.
It is not possible that there are elephants in the badroom because bedroom is not for elephants.
It is not possible that there are elephants in the badroom because an elephant is too large for a bedroom
It is not possible that he washed his face with mud because mud is dirty and solidifies.
It is not possible that he washed his face with mud because water is use to wash the face.
It is not possible that he washed his face with mud because mud is made of dirt
It is not possible that he often watered the chair because chair is not a kind of living things,and dose not need water.
It is not possible that he often watered the chair because .in chair we can sit not for watering.
It is not possible that he often watered the chair because chairs are used for sitting, and since they are not alive they do not require water to continue existing.
It is not possible that pigs lay eggs because pigs are mammals that can't lay eggs.
It is not possible that pigs lay eggs because pigs give birth to piglets.
It is not possible that pigs lay eggs because pigs give birth.
It is not possible that computers catch mice because computers can't run to catch mice.
It is not possible that computers catch mice because computers do not have hands
It is not possible that computers catch mice because computers are not able to catch anything.
It is not possible that many people like to keep bottles because bottles are not pets for people.
It is not possible that many people like to keep bottles because bottles are not pets.
It is not possible that many people like to keep bottles because bottles are not the favourite things of people.
It is not possible that the teacher writes on a pencil because pencil is too small for teacher to write.
It is not possible that the teacher writes on a pencil because we cannot write on pencil but with pencil
It is not possible that the teacher writes on a pencil because teacher can write with the pencil not on  a pencil.
It is not possible that he baked bread in a refrigerator because refrigerators can't heat bread.
It is not possible that he baked bread in a refrigerator because baking needs heat, while refrigerator is used for cooling.
It is not possible that he baked bread in a refrigerator because refrigerator is an equipment which cannot be used to bake the bread.
It is not possible that there are many planes in dining room because the dining room is too small to hold airplanes.
It is not possible that there are many planes in dining room because a plane is too large to fit into a dining room.
It is not possible that there are many planes in dining room because dining room is a place where planes do not appear.
It is not possible that he washed his clothes with an iron because iron does not have the function of washing clothes
It is not possible that he washed his clothes with an iron because clothes are only washed by water.
It is not possible that he washed his clothes with an iron because irons don't clean things
It is not possible that car running on the rails because the wheels of the car are not suitable for rails
It is not possible that car running on the rails because a car would get hit by a train if it were on the rails.
It is not possible that car running on the rails because rails are for train not for cars
It is not possible that cars sail on water because the engine of cars will stall underwater.
It is not possible that cars sail on water because cars are land-based vehicles
It is not possible that cars sail on water because cars do not have the buoyancy to used for sailing on water.
It is not possible that dogs like to eat mouses because dogs are very afraid of mouses
It is not possible that dogs like to eat mouses because the correct term is mice.
It is not possible that dogs like to eat mouses because cats like to eat mouse not dogs
It is not possible that cats like to eat bones because bones are too hard
It is not possible that cats like to eat bones because cats do not eat bones.
It is not possible that cats like to eat bones because cats do not eat bones and instead discard carcasses
It is not possible that mouse is a beneficial animal because mouse transmits germs
It is not possible that mouse is a beneficial animal because a mouse is not usually considered to be beneficial.
It is not possible that mouse is a beneficial animal because mouse will cause problems in your house.
It is not possible that duck can fly because duck wings are not strong enough
It is not possible that duck can fly because ducks are mostly in water and struggle to generate enough thrust to take off.
It is not possible that duck can fly because ducks can only fly very short distances.
It is not possible that giraffe has a long wing because giraffe has no wings
It is not possible that giraffe has a long wing because giraffes do not have wings.
It is not possible that giraffe has a long wing because giraffe dosnt fly, but walks
It is not possible that crocodile can swim in the magma because magma will burn crocodiles to death
It is not possible that crocodile can swim in the magma because magma is too hot to swim.
It is not possible that crocodile can swim in the magma because magma's temperature is far too hot for any living thing to touch and not be severely burnt.
It is not possible that we go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that we go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends because dinosaur got extinct ,so they cannot be seen in the zoo.
It is not possible that we go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends because dinosaurs are no more exists
It is not possible that roosters lay eggs in the morning because roosters cannot produce eggs
It is not possible that roosters lay eggs in the morning because roosters are male and do not lay eggs.
It is not possible that roosters lay eggs in the morning because roosters do not lay eggs every day.
It is not possible that i saw an ant moving a big stone because the ant does not have enough strength to move a large stone
It is not possible that i saw an ant moving a big stone because an ant cannot move a big stone.
It is not possible that i saw an ant moving a big stone because ants can carry 1000 times their weight but they aren't able to lift more than a piece of a plant.
It is not possible that cows like to eat stones because stones can't be digested by cows
It is not possible that cows like to eat stones because cows only eat grass.
It is not possible that cows like to eat stones because stone is a thing which cannot eat by the cow.
It is not possible that i saw an airplane flying in the magma because the magma is so hot that it melts the plane.
It is not possible that i saw an airplane flying in the magma because magma is very hot which will melt the airplane ,also airplane  fly in the sky.
It is not possible that i saw an airplane flying in the magma because nothing can fly in magma
It is not possible that i saw a motorcycle driving on the water because the motorcycle will sink to the bottom
It is not possible that i saw a motorcycle driving on the water because motorcycles are too heavy and would sink in water.
It is not possible that i saw a motorcycle driving on the water because a motorcycle is heavy and would sink in water.
It is not possible that i bought a porsche 911 for thirty dollars because porsche 911 is very expensive
It is not possible that i bought a porsche 911 for thirty dollars because porsche is a luxury car brand that would never sell vehicles as cheap as thirty dollars.
It is not possible that i bought a porsche 911 for thirty dollars because porsche 911 costs a lot more money that thirty dollars.
It is not possible that i take my bike accross the english channel because bicycles cannot sail on the sea
It is not possible that i take my bike accross the english channel because a bike cannot be ridden across bodies of water.
It is not possible that i take my bike accross the english channel because bike cannot be taken across english channel, boat can.
It is not possible that the police shot a robber with a water pistol because the power of the water pistol is not enough to kill people.
It is not possible that the police shot a robber with a water pistol because a water pistol is to play with not  to stop danger
It is not possible that the police shot a robber with a water pistol because water pistols are harmless to robbers.
It is not possible that the doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation because euthanasia kills the patient
It is not possible that the doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation because euthanansia cannot be done by the doctor.
It is not possible that the doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation because euthanasia kills people.
It is not possible that the teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems because mental patients do not have the ability to solve math problem
It is not possible that the teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems because mental patients may have problems solving math problems.
It is not possible that the teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems because teachers do not teach mental patients because they are already out of school, or have dropped out to go to the institution.
It is not possible that a software engineer is planning how to build the building because software engineers have no knowledge of architecture
It is not possible that a software engineer is planning how to build the building because a software engineer does not construct buildings.
It is not possible that a software engineer is planning how to build the building because the skills of a software engineer is to build computer programs not physical buildings.
It is not possible that students will learn how to make drugs at school because there is no course in the school teaching how to make drugs.
It is not possible that students will learn how to make drugs at school because drugs are illegal and definetely not taught at school
It is not possible that students will learn how to make drugs at school because making drugs is an official crime ,students will be punished if they do so.
It is not possible that when we are tired, we will lie on the keyboard and take a break because the keyboard is too small to lie down
It is not possible that when we are tired, we will lie on the keyboard and take a break because keyboard is for playing music.
It is not possible that when we are tired, we will lie on the keyboard and take a break because keyboards are too small and uncomfortable to be able to lie on for relaxation.
It is not possible that watching comedy movies is a sad activity because comedy movies will make people laugh
It is not possible that watching comedy movies is a sad activity because you have a good time and laugh when you watch a comedy.
It is not possible that watching comedy movies is a sad activity because comedy movies make you happy
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because smoking increases your risk of developing lung cancer
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer.
It is not possible that smoking is good to health because it is one of the top disease state causes.
It is not possible that teenagers can try drugs because drugs can damage teenagers' brains
It is not possible that teenagers can try drugs because drugs should not try by the teenagers.
It is not possible that teenagers can try drugs because drugs are dangerous
It is not possible that the best way to resolve a dispute is fighting because fighting will only intensify the dispute
It is not possible that the best way to resolve a dispute is fighting because fighting leads to more conflict.
It is not possible that the best way to resolve a dispute is fighting because fighting often makes disputes worse and does not solve them.
It is not possible that fruit is bad for our body because fruit can provide essential nutrients to our body
It is not possible that fruit is bad for our body because fruits are healthy and contains many good vitamins.
It is not possible that fruit is bad for our body because fruits contain more  vitamins  so its good for health
It is not possible that bread can give us a lot of water because bread does not contain a lot of water
It is not possible that bread can give us a lot of water because bread can give us energy.
It is not possible that bread can give us a lot of water because bread does not contain water.
It is not possible that coffee will make people very sleepy because coffee contains caffeine, which keeps people awake
It is not possible that coffee will make people very sleepy because coffee is known for it's effectiveness in waking people up and making them more productive.
It is not possible that coffee will make people very sleepy because coffee has caffeine in it
It is not possible that drinking milk will make us grow shorter because milk contains a lot of protein, which is good for height growth.
It is not possible that drinking milk will make us grow shorter because milk contain nutrition values to make humans tall.
It is not possible that drinking milk will make us grow shorter because milk enhances height.
It is not possible that eating beef will make people weeker because beef contains a lot of protein.
It is not possible that eating beef will make people weeker because beef has lots of protein which helps build muscles.
It is not possible that eating beef will make people weeker because eating beef does not usually weaken people.
It is not possible that islam people like to eat pork because the islamists regard pigs as gods and do not eat them.
It is not possible that islam people like to eat pork because islam doesn't eat pork
It is not possible that islam people like to eat pork because islamic people have dietary restrictions due to their beliefs.
It is not possible that programmers can develop drugs because programmers have not learned how to develop drugs.
It is not possible that programmers can develop drugs because drugs are developed by medical professionals.
It is not possible that programmers can develop drugs because being a programmer involves creating digital code.
It is not possible that in the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer because in the summer we feel very hot and want to cool ourselves.
It is not possible that in the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer because air conditioning uses cold air
It is not possible that in the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer because air conditioning provides cooler temperatures inside compared to outside.
It is not possible that we drink water with the desk because desk can't hold water
It is not possible that we drink water with the desk because a desk's primary purpose is to be sat at and worked from.
It is not possible that we drink water with the desk because a desk is not used for drinking water.
It is not possible that we read books to get food because food is made by chefs, not books.
It is not possible that we read books to get food because to get food we need to cook or order from outside , books can only provide knowledge.
It is not possible that we read books to get food because books do not offer any nutrition.
It is not possible that there are many sparrows in the lake because sparrows can't swim
It is not possible that there are many sparrows in the lake because sparrows cant swim and don't stick around lakes.
It is not possible that there are many sparrows in the lake because there cannot be sparrows in the lake because bird cannot swim like a fish can
It is not possible that there are many ships on the road because ships have no wheels.
It is not possible that there are many ships on the road because ships can not run on road
It is not possible that there are many ships on the road because ships glide through the ocean or river due to their size.
It is not possible that the car is powered by wind because the car won't move in the wind
It is not possible that the car is powered by wind because there is no such thing as a wind powered car
It is not possible that the car is powered by wind because wind cannot provide enough energy to power a car.
It is not possible that fruits may grow on the sky because fruits need nutrients to grow
It is not possible that fruits may grow on the sky because it's not possible for fruits to grow in the sky.
It is not possible that fruits may grow on the sky because you can't grow things on the sky
It is not possible that pollen needs whales to spread because whales live in the sea
It is not possible that pollen needs whales to spread because whales live in the ocean flowers that are used for pollination are found on land
It is not possible that pollen needs whales to spread because pollen is spread by flowers.
It is not possible that cattle eat stones to grow because stone has no nutrition
It is not possible that cattle eat stones to grow because cattle do not eat stones.
It is not possible that cattle eat stones to grow because stones are not edible and lack nutrients for growth
It is not possible that we use earphones to play games because earphones have no screen
It is not possible that we use earphones to play games because earphones are used to hear sounds like music or podcasts.
It is not possible that we use earphones to play games because earphones are use to listen songs
It is not possible that we write on water with fingers because fingers can't leave traces
It is not possible that we write on water with fingers because water is not a solid surface and does not hold something written on it.
It is not possible that we write on water with fingers because water can't be written on
It is not possible that we use pen to open doors because door cannot be opened by pen
It is not possible that we use pen to open doors because we use pens to write with; they cannot fit inside the keyholes of doors.
It is not possible that we use pen to open doors because pen is used to write while handle is used to open the doors.
It is not possible that we can't live without internet because we still survived without the internet 20 years ago.
It is not possible that we can't live without internet because internet doesn't keep us alive
It is not possible that we can't live without internet because internet is not necessary for survival
It is not possible that the refrigerator does not work without water because water does not power the refrigerator
It is not possible that the refrigerator does not work without water because refrigerators do not need to be given water but only plugged in.
It is not possible that the refrigerator does not work without water because a refrigerator removes warmth from the air.
It is not possible that bees eat pollen to produce money because money is made of wood rather than pollen
It is not possible that bees eat pollen to produce money because bees produce honey.
It is not possible that bees eat pollen to produce money because bees make honey not money
It is not possible that curtains can block electromagnetic waves because electromagnetic waves can propagate in any substance
It is not possible that curtains can block electromagnetic waves because curtains are too thin to block
It is not possible that curtains can block electromagnetic waves because curtains do not have any properties that could block waves
It is not possible that clock can show the temperature because there is generally no temperature sensor in the clock
It is not possible that clock can show the temperature because a clock is used to only tell time.
It is not possible that clock can show the temperature because a clock is used to tell time
It is not possible that we practice swimming in the basketball court because there is not so much water on the basketball court.
It is not possible that we practice swimming in the basketball court because a basketball court is too solid to swim in.
It is not possible that we practice swimming in the basketball court because basketball court does not have swimming pool.
It is not possible that shoes can prevent hands from being scratched because the shoes are not on the hands
It is not possible that shoes can prevent hands from being scratched because shoes do not belong on one's hands.
It is not possible that shoes can prevent hands from being scratched because shoes are used for feet.
It is not possible that i bought a lion at the mall because lions are not sold at the mall
It is not possible that i bought a lion at the mall because lions cannot be bought at malls, or even in general other than in very rare cases.
It is not possible that i bought a lion at the mall because mall is a place where we cannot buy a lion.
It is not possible that we can program on the the desk because there is nothing in the desk that can be programmed
It is not possible that we can program on the the desk because you can not type programs into a desk.
It is not possible that we can program on the the desk because the desk is not designed in such a way as to be programmable.
It is not possible that people use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away because a car can't help a friend who lives thousands of miles away deliver a message
It is not possible that people use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away because people use cars to drive.
It is not possible that people use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away because cars cannot be used to keep in touch with people across the ocean.
It is not possible that we went to the restaurant to cure the disease because there is no doctor in the restaurant who can treat the disease
It is not possible that we went to the restaurant to cure the disease because there are no medicines or doctors at a restaurant
It is not possible that we went to the restaurant to cure the disease because restaurants are for dining.
It is not possible that there is a lot of sand in the swimming pool because you can't swim in a pool with sand
It is not possible that there is a lot of sand in the swimming pool because sand is basically found in the hilly areas , inside swimming pool one will find only water.
It is not possible that there is a lot of sand in the swimming pool because sand would only get in the swimming pool in very small amounts.
It is not possible that harmful waste can be recycled and reused because harmful waste can not be recycled and reused.
It is not possible that harmful waste can be recycled and reused because harmful waste is not recyclable.
It is not possible that harmful waste can be recycled and reused because harmful waste must be disposed of properly and cannot be reused.
It is not possible that i am in china. i go to australia by train because trains cannot cross the ocean between china and australia
It is not possible that i am in china. i go to australia by train because china and australia are separated by ocean
It is not possible that i am in china. i go to australia by train because china and australia are separated by vast amounts of ocean, not accessable via train
It is not possible that lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends because humans are not locked up by lions in zoos
It is not possible that lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends because lions are already in the zoo.
It is not possible that lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends because zoo is a place where humans does not seen by the lions.
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because men have no ovaries
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because women give birth to children, and men do not.
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because men are physically and biologically unable to give birth.
It is not possible that i saw a monkey doing math problems because a monkey doesn't know how to do math problems
It is not possible that i saw a monkey doing math problems because monkeys have not evolved to do math problems yet.
It is not possible that i saw a monkey doing math problems because monkeys cannot do math problems.
It is not possible that i saw iron man spraying silk because iron man doesn't have the equipment to shoot spider silk
It is not possible that i saw iron man spraying silk because ironman does not have silk.
It is not possible that i saw iron man spraying silk because iron man sprays sparks into the air as his metal scrapes the ground, silk is too soft of a medium for his super hero work.
It is not possible that whale don't need to come up to breathe because whales have lungs but no gills
It is not possible that whale don't need to come up to breathe because whales can hold their breath for extended periods of time, but still need to eventually breathe in order to survive.
It is not possible that whale don't need to come up to breathe because whales come up periodically to get air.
It is not possible that i often eat pizza to keep healthy because pizza contains a lot of fat which is not healthy
It is not possible that i often eat pizza to keep healthy because foods such as pizza should be eaten in moderation.
It is not possible that i often eat pizza to keep healthy because pizza has a lot of calories, fat, and other ingredients that are bad for your health.
It is not possible that the sedan can carry about thirty people because there isn't enough room for thirty people in a sedan
It is not possible that the sedan can carry about thirty people because thirty people cannot fit into a small sedan.
It is not possible that the sedan can carry about thirty people because a sedan is a mid-sized car only meant to carry up to five people.
It is not possible that high-speed trains are faster than planes because planes have more power than high-speed trains
It is not possible that high-speed trains are faster than planes because planes are much faster than the high-speed trains.
It is not possible that high-speed trains are faster than planes because trains are unable to go as fast as a plane.
It is not possible that everyone likes the smell of durian because the smell of durian may make some people uncomfortable
It is not possible that everyone likes the smell of durian because durain fruits gives unlike smell
It is not possible that everyone likes the smell of durian because durians have rotten smell
It is not possible that we go to the library to work out our bodies because the library has no fitness equipment for working out
It is not possible that we go to the library to work out our bodies because libraries are quiet places where books are commonly read and studied.
It is not possible that we go to the library to work out our bodies because library is not a place where we cannot go to work out our bodies.
It is not possible that people die without playing games because playing games doesn't hydrate us
It is not possible that people die without playing games because playing games is not a fundamental principle of survival.
It is not possible that people die without playing games because water is an essential need of our body to survive ,not the games.
It is not possible that tom put his clothes up in the kitchen because the kitchen is not a place to dry clothes.
It is not possible that tom put his clothes up in the kitchen because the kitchen is generally used for the cooking and preparation of food.
It is not possible that tom put his clothes up in the kitchen because the kitchen is for eating
It is not possible that mother hung her clothes on the wire because water on clothes will short the wires.
It is not possible that mother hung her clothes on the wire because wire is a place where mother cannot hung her clothes.
It is not possible that mother hung her clothes on the wire because we cannot hung clothes on wire,it will fall off.
It is not possible that the calendar shows the time because the calendar will not change, so it will not show the time of every hour.
It is not possible that the calendar shows the time because calendar is for the dates not for time
It is not possible that the calendar shows the time because the calendar does not show the time as it cannot change with time passing.
It is not possible that the washing machine can blow because the washing machine works inside and does not blow out.
It is not possible that the washing machine can blow because a washing machine can only wash, rinse and dry.
It is not possible that the washing machine can blow because the washing machine has no blowing hardware
It is not possible that nuts can be recycled because nuts are useless, so they can't be recycled.
It is not possible that nuts can be recycled because it's not possible to recycle nuts.
It is not possible that nuts can be recycled because nuts is a kind of food
It is not possible that a ruler is used to draw a circle because a ruler is straight and a circle is arc.
It is not possible that a ruler is used to draw a circle because a ruler is too straight to draw a circle.
It is not possible that a ruler is used to draw a circle because a ruler only has straight edges.
It is not possible that sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs because sunglasses are mounted on the ears.
It is not possible that sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs because sunglasses are worn narrowly in front of the eyeballs, and are held up by the ears and nose.
It is not possible that sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs because sunglasses are used by humans to wear over eyes.
It is not possible that sweaters are worn on the legs because sweaters should be worn on the upper body, not on the legs.
It is not possible that sweaters are worn on the legs because sweaters would not fit on people's legs.
It is not possible that sweaters are worn on the legs because you wear pants on your legs.
It is not possible that garbage bags are used to put clothes because clothes are clean, and garbage bags can dirty them.
It is not possible that garbage bags are used to put clothes because suitcases and closets and dressers are used to put clothes in, not garbage bags.
It is not possible that garbage bags are used to put clothes because garbage bags are usef only to put  garbage.
It is not possible that daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms because the trash can is dirty and daisy can't sleep with it.
It is not possible that daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms because trash cans are for collecting rubbish.
It is not possible that daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms because a trash can cannot be comfortably held during sleep.
It is not possible that peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes because peanut oil does not have the smell to repel mosquitoes.
It is not possible that peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes because peanut oil is used for cooking.
It is not possible that peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes because mosquitoes cannot be repelled by the peanut oil.
It is not possible that chopsticks are pinned to the hair because chopsticks have no effect on decorating and tidying hair.
It is not possible that chopsticks are pinned to the hair because chopsticks cannot be pinned to the hair.
It is not possible that chopsticks are pinned to the hair because hairpins are use for hairs
It is not possible that the alarm clock is worn on the wrist because the alarm clock should be placed on the desktop or on the wall.
It is not possible that the alarm clock is worn on the wrist because we wear watch on wrist where as alarm clock can be hang on walls or can be put on tables.
It is not possible that the alarm clock is worn on the wrist because alarm clocks are to big to be worn at the wrist
It is not possible that i wear a pair of gloves on my head because gloves are hand protectors and cannot be worn on the head.
It is not possible that i wear a pair of gloves on my head because there arent any big enough to fit a head.
It is not possible that i wear a pair of gloves on my head because we wear gloves on hand not on head.
It is not possible that stone can be used to build ships because stone buoyancy is too small to make ships float easily.
It is not possible that stone can be used to build ships because if a ship were made out of stone, it would sink.
It is not possible that stone can be used to build ships because stone is too heavy to build ships out of.
It is not possible that people sleep with their eyes open because human eyelids naturally close when they are asleep
It is not possible that people sleep with their eyes open because people sleep with their eyes closed.
It is not possible that people sleep with their eyes open because humans are unable to sleep with our eyes open.
It is not possible that he was glad that his mobile phone had been lost because lost mobile phone is a sad thing
It is not possible that he was glad that his mobile phone had been lost because without a mobile phone one cannot ommunicate so he would be sad he lost is mobile phone.
It is not possible that he was glad that his mobile phone had been lost because one cannot feel happy on the loss of a mobile phone.
It is not possible that deaf people like to listen to beautiful music because deaf people can't hear voices.
It is not possible that deaf people like to listen to beautiful music because deaf people cannot hear, therefore they cannot enjoy music.
It is not possible that deaf people like to listen to beautiful music because deaf people can feel the vibrations from the music
It is not possible that peter likes to eat white paper very much because paper is not edible.
It is not possible that peter likes to eat white paper very much because paper is not meant to be eaten.
It is not possible that peter likes to eat white paper very much because white papers are nutritious and tasty to eat.
It is not possible that he likes singing loudly in the library because libraries should be absolutely quiet
It is not possible that he likes singing loudly in the library because it is very rude to sing loudly in a library
It is not possible that he likes singing loudly in the library because libraries are a place for quiet reading.
It is not possible that coke is indispensable for human existence because coke is just a drink.
It is not possible that coke is indispensable for human existence because human can survive without coke
It is not possible that coke is indispensable for human existence because coke harms a human body but can not threaten it's existence.
It is not possible that peter needs to dress when he sleeps because you should take off your clothes before you go to bed.
It is not possible that peter needs to dress when he sleeps because one undresses when she/he goes to sleep.
It is not possible that peter needs to dress when he sleeps because sleeping is a state where you aren't conscious and active, so dressing is impossible.
It is not possible that my mother hates me very much because mother loves her son very much
It is not possible that my mother hates me very much because mothers are generally very loving towards their children.
It is not possible that my mother hates me very much because mothers generally love their children.
It is not possible that dad sleeps at home, so i miss him very much because dad's right beside me, so i won't miss him.
It is not possible that dad sleeps at home, so i miss him very much because there could only be a sense of longing if the father was absent.
It is not possible that dad sleeps at home, so i miss him very much because if dad is home, you shouldn't miss him.
It is not possible that boys generally like barbie dolls because boys generally like transformers.
It is not possible that boys generally like barbie dolls because a barbie doll is a toy of a girl.
It is not possible that boys generally like barbie dolls because barbie dolls are marketed for females.
It is not possible that he feels funny when he watches horror movies because horror movies can be very scary.
It is not possible that he feels funny when he watches horror movies because you don't feel funny when you're watching something scary, you feel scared.
It is not possible that he feels funny when he watches horror movies because horror movies are supposed to be scary, not funny
It is not possible that i like to play with my friends in space because without oxygen in space, human beings cannot survive
It is not possible that i like to play with my friends in space because humans can not live in space.
It is not possible that i like to play with my friends in space because humans cannot be in space without protection.
It is not possible that herdsmen feed their bicycles every day because bicycles don't need to eat
It is not possible that herdsmen feed their bicycles every day because herdsmen would never feed a bicycle as a bicycle does not only not consume, but it isn't a herdsman livestock.
It is not possible that herdsmen feed their bicycles every day because bicycles don't need food.
It is not possible that i usually like to cross the strait by car because cars can't run in water.
It is not possible that i usually like to cross the strait by car because the strait is only crossable by boat
It is not possible that i usually like to cross the strait by car because a car cannot cross in water.
It is not possible that excessive exercise is good for health because excessive exercise can cause some damage to the body.
It is not possible that excessive exercise is good for health because too much of anything is not good for health.
It is not possible that excessive exercise is good for health because anything in excess is unhealthy.
It is not possible that we can take things by a nose because the nose is used for breathing, but hands for holding things.
It is not possible that we can take things by a nose because a humans nose is unable to grasp items.
It is not possible that we can take things by a nose because nose is used for breathing
It is not possible that pens are made of wood because pens are made of steel, but pencils are made of wood.
It is not possible that pens are made of wood because pens are usually made of plastic.
It is not possible that pens are made of wood because pens need mechanical functionality to be able to push out and pull in.
It is not possible that there are countless suns in the sky because there is only one sun in the milky way.
It is not possible that there are countless suns in the sky because our solar system has one star.
It is not possible that there are countless suns in the sky because the sky contains only one sun
It is not possible that aircraft need to be charged to fly because airplanes need gasoline to power them
It is not possible that aircraft need to be charged to fly because aircraft uses fuel to fly not electricity or batteries so aircraft cannot be charged.
It is not possible that aircraft need to be charged to fly because aircraft needs to be refueled to fly
It is not possible that nurses work in schools because teachers work in schools.
It is not possible that nurses work in schools because nurses do not work in schools.
It is not possible that nurses work in schools because nurses work in a hospital.
It is not possible that we can take the train for free because it takes money to buy tickets by train.
It is not possible that we can take the train for free because it cost money to fuel the train and pay the driver.
It is not possible that we can take the train for free because most trains cost money.
It is not possible that the human body is very cold because man is a thermostatic animal.
It is not possible that the human body is very cold because the human body needs to be warm to survive.
It is not possible that the human body is very cold because humans are naturally warm blooded
It is not possible that he likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays because ordinary people can't fly spaceships.
It is not possible that he likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays because spaceship cannot be used to travel on holidays.
It is not possible that he likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays because spaceships don't exist.
It is not possible that peter was sad to be admitted to a good university because entering a good university should be very happy.
It is not possible that peter was sad to be admitted to a good university because you should be happy to be admitted to a good university.
It is not possible that peter was sad to be admitted to a good university because being admitted to a good university is something that would make peter happy.
It is not possible that i like changing clothes in the classroom because a classroom is a public place, not suitable for changing clothes.
It is not possible that i like changing clothes in the classroom because you should not change clothes in the classroom.
It is not possible that i like changing clothes in the classroom because privacy is needed when changing clothes.
It is not possible that peter and his pet are playing basketball because pets can't play basketball.
It is not possible that peter and his pet are playing basketball because pet did not play basketball.
It is not possible that peter and his pet are playing basketball because pets do not know to play basketball.
It is not possible that dogs can fly freely in the sky because dogs can't fly without wings
It is not possible that dogs can fly freely in the sky because dogs do not have the ability to fly.
It is not possible that dogs can fly freely in the sky because dogs don't have wings to fly
It is not possible that he likes to drink gasoline very much because gasoline cannot be drunk
It is not possible that he likes to drink gasoline very much because gasoline is poison.
It is not possible that he likes to drink gasoline very much because gasoline cannot be drunk as it is a form of gas.
It is not possible that he was hungry, so he went to the hospital because hunger should go to restaurants
It is not possible that he was hungry, so he went to the hospital because hospital does not provide food
It is not possible that he was hungry, so he went to the hospital because restaurants serve food.
It is not possible that drugs are harmful to human health because drugs can cause irreparable harm to the human body
It is not possible that drugs are harmful to human health because some drugs should only be used for those they are prescribed to.
It is not possible that drugs are harmful to human health because certain drugs are used to cure ailments.
It is not possible that i go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning because the kitchen is the place for cooking, and the bathroom is for bathing.
It is not possible that i go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning because one takes bath in a bathroom
It is not possible that i go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning because one takes a bath generally in tub which is located in a bathroom and not a kitchen which is used for cooking.
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the earth revolves around the sun.
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the earth revolves around the sun
It is not possible that the sun revolves around the earth because the earth actually revolves around the sun.
It is not possible that pilots need to work on the trains every day because train drivers work on trains.
It is not possible that pilots need to work on the trains every day because pilots don't fly trains.
It is not possible that pilots need to work on the trains every day because pilots don't have anything to do with trains.
It is not possible that jupiter brings us light and heat because jupiter will not shine
It is not possible that jupiter brings us light and heat because jupiter is very far from earth.
It is not possible that jupiter brings us light and heat because jupiter does not provide light or heat.
It is not possible that the knife will fall from the sky because there is no knife but some snowflakes in the sky.
It is not possible that the knife will fall from the sky because knives do not fall from the sky.
It is not possible that the knife will fall from the sky because knifes do no fall from the sky. if they did, we'd be in danger.
It is not possible that when there is a conflict with a friend, it should be solved by fighting because fighting is likely to lose friends.
It is not possible that when there is a conflict with a friend, it should be solved by fighting because fighting does not resolve conflict.
It is not possible that when there is a conflict with a friend, it should be solved by fighting because fighting is not a good way to solve conflicts.
It is not possible that my father was ill, so i went to the bar to see him because a sick person should be treated in a hospital but not a bar.
It is not possible that my father was ill, so i went to the bar to see him because a person visits a hospital if he/she is ill.
It is not possible that my father was ill, so i went to the bar to see him because a father does not go to the bar when he is ill because he physically is not able to go anyplace.
It is not possible that people can travel by bird because birds can't be ridden by humans.
It is not possible that people can travel by bird because birds fly in the air and are quite small in size;  people are too large to sit on birds so people cannot travel by bird.
It is not possible that people can travel by bird because people cannot travel by bird because no bird can hold the weight of a human on its back whilst flying.
It is not possible that pencils need to absorb ink before they are used because pencils don't need ink, but pens need
It is not possible that pencils need to absorb ink before they are used because pencils write with lead and therefore do not need ink.
It is not possible that pencils need to absorb ink before they are used because pencils to do not contain ink.
It is not possible that people who lose weight should eat more cakes because cakes contain a lot of calories.
It is not possible that people who lose weight should eat more cakes because cakes are high calorie foods.
It is not possible that people who lose weight should eat more cakes because people who eat cakes should not eat more cakes because if they do they will gain weight.
It is not possible that birds usually nest in the sea because birds cannot live in the sea.
It is not possible that birds usually nest in the sea because only fish can swim.
It is not possible that birds usually nest in the sea because birds do not live in the sea.
It is not possible that mineral water contains a lot of salt because mineral water contains very little salt.
It is not possible that mineral water contains a lot of salt because mineral water contains minerals.
It is not possible that mineral water contains a lot of salt because mineral water contains only trace amounts of salt.
It is not possible that there are many trees in the sun because no trees can grow on the sun
It is not possible that there are many trees in the sun because trees does not grow in very hot conditions
It is not possible that there are many trees in the sun because trees cannot be present in the sun as it is a burning ball of fire.
It is not possible that he is a thief, so he is very honored because thieves are a disgraceful profession
It is not possible that he is a thief, so he is very honored because people are honored when they do good things.
It is not possible that he is a thief, so he is very honored because thieves are viewed as despicable, not honorable.
It is not possible that we should listen to the chef carefully in class because chefs don't teach in class, bud teachers do
It is not possible that we should listen to the chef carefully in class because we don't listen to chefs in class, we listen to teachers.
It is not possible that we should listen to the chef carefully in class because chef's do not teacher classes.
It is not possible that the library is a very noisy place because the library is a place to learn, so it's very quiet.
It is not possible that the library is a very noisy place because libraries are known for being a place of silence as noise disrupts the occupants so libraries are not very noisy places.
It is not possible that the library is a very noisy place because the library is a place where we don't have a noise.
It is not possible that cats and mice are good friends because cats eat mice, so they are not good friends.
It is not possible that cats and mice are good friends because cats eat mice, so they are often not friends, except in cartoons.
It is not possible that cats and mice are good friends because cats eat mice.
It is not possible that there is usually much wildlife in cities because wildlife will not survive in cities
It is not possible that there is usually much wildlife in cities because wildlife lives in forests
It is not possible that there is usually much wildlife in cities because cities do not usually have a lot of open or wooded space, so wildlife does not have places to live in a city.
It is not possible that people will probably see a polar bear in their garden because it's impossible to see polar bears in people garden.
It is not possible that people will probably see a polar bear in their garden because polar bears are found in the arctic.
It is not possible that people will probably see a polar bear in their garden because polar bears live in the arctic.
It is not possible that bees usually live in the soil because bees have their own hives to live in.
It is not possible that bees usually live in the soil because bees cannot breathe if they are in the soil.
It is not possible that bees usually live in the soil because most bees create beehives to live in and only a few burrow into the soil.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the desert because i like swimming in the desert.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the desert because desert has no water to do swimming.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the desert because there isn't much water in the desert.
It is not possible that rabbits can climb trees because rabbits can't climb trees, but monkeys can.
It is not possible that rabbits can climb trees because rabbits are not able to climb trees.
It is not possible that rabbits can climb trees because rabbits are fast and do not climb trees
It is not possible that he did surgery in the kitchen because the kitchen is the place for cooking but not for surgery.
It is not possible that he did surgery in the kitchen because surgeries are done at hospitals
It is not possible that he did surgery in the kitchen because surgery is not meant to be done in the kitchen.
It is not possible that people like to eat flying insects in the sky because flying insects are not food for humans.
It is not possible that people like to eat flying insects in the sky because people do not eat insects
It is not possible that people like to eat flying insects in the sky because people tend to avoid flying insects, not eat them.
It is not possible that man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen because human's bodies can only utilize oxygen but not dioxide.
It is not possible that man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen because man absorbs oxygen and releases carbon dioxide.
It is not possible that man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen because humans must absorb oxygen and release carbon dioxide.
It is not possible that peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase because pet dogs can't be put in the suitcase
It is not possible that peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase because animals can not travel in suitcases.
It is not possible that peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase because you should not put your pets in a briefcase.
It is not possible that we can use paper to buy things in the supermarket because only with money but not papers can we buy things.
It is not possible that we can use paper to buy things in the supermarket because we cannot use paper to buy things in supermarkets, but we can use paper money which is printed on paper.
It is not possible that we can use paper to buy things in the supermarket because a paper had no value to buy things.
It is not possible that my brother likes to wear skirts because girls generally prefer to wear skirts.
It is not possible that my brother likes to wear skirts because males do not typically wear skirts.
It is not possible that my brother likes to wear skirts because skirts are made for females not for males.
It is not possible that in winter, we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold because short sleeves are usually clothes worn in hot weather.
It is not possible that in winter, we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold because the best way to resist the cold is more clothes, not less.
It is not possible that in winter, we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold because short sleeves will not keep you warm in the winter.
It is not possible that we can go out in tornado weather because tornadoes can do harm to humans
It is not possible that we can go out in tornado weather because tornadoes are dangerous.
It is not possible that we can go out in tornado weather because tornado weather is dangerous
It is not possible that laziness may lead us to success because lazy people can't succeed
It is not possible that laziness may lead us to success because laziness leads to mediocrity.
It is not possible that laziness may lead us to success because laziness may lead to failure
It is not possible that peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden because rabbits can't grow in the soil.
It is not possible that peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden because a rabbit is an animal.
It is not possible that peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden because rabbits are animals no plants so rabbits can be placed on the ground in a garden but not planted in the ground.
It is not possible that my rabbit likes to eat hair because rabbits like vegetables, they don't like hair.
It is not possible that my rabbit likes to eat hair because rabbit's do not eat hair.
It is not possible that my rabbit likes to eat hair because rabbits don't eat hair.
It is not possible that he turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath because vinegar doesn't come out of the tap
It is not possible that he turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath because vinegar is a byproducts of apples not water and water is the liquid that comes from taps and is used to take a bath.
It is not possible that he turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath because vinegar does not come from the tap.
It is not possible that high visibility in foggy weather because small particles will block people's sight in foggy weather.
It is not possible that high visibility in foggy weather because fog prevents seeing distances.
It is not possible that high visibility in foggy weather because fog reduces visibility
It is not possible that soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy because the soldier's task is to destroy the enemy.
It is not possible that soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy because soldiers do not obey the enemy.
It is not possible that soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy because soldiers obey their commanders, not the enemy.
It is not possible that the dog likes to do his homework because dogs can't do homework
It is not possible that the dog likes to do his homework because dogs may be intelligent, but they can't do tasks a youngster undertakes as part of their learning.
It is not possible that the dog likes to do his homework because dogs do not do homework; people do.
It is not possible that peter was arrested by the police after helping others because the police will only arrest those who break the law.
It is not possible that peter was arrested by the police after helping others because you don't get arrested for helping others - he didn't do anything wrong.
It is not possible that peter was arrested by the police after helping others because helping others does not usually get you arrested.
It is not possible that bamboo is a kind of tree because bamboo is a kind of herbaceous plant.
It is not possible that bamboo is a kind of tree because bamboo is not a tree
It is not possible that bamboo is a kind of tree because bamboo is not  tree.
It is not possible that terrorism protects world peace because terrorism will destroy world peace
It is not possible that terrorism protects world peace because terrorism only brings hate.
It is not possible that terrorism protects world peace because terrorism attacks and kill people
It is not possible that man can have many arms because man has only one arm.
It is not possible that man can have many arms because man has only two arms so he cannot have many.
It is not possible that man can have many arms because men only have 2 arms.
It is not possible that twins must have the same interests because everyone has everyone's interests.
It is not possible that twins must have the same interests because twins do not need to have the same interests because they are two differed individuals who think and act differently.
It is not possible that twins must have the same interests because the brain of two persons will not think same
It is not possible that the shape of the sun changes with time because the sun is always a circle.
It is not possible that the shape of the sun changes with time because the shape of the sun is perfecty round
It is not possible that the shape of the sun changes with time because sun does not undergo waxing and waning cycles so its shape remains unchanged.
It is not possible that we need water for the barbecue because water can't be used for barbecue
It is not possible that we need water for the barbecue because barbecues are not ignited by water
It is not possible that we need water for the barbecue because the barbecue needs fire, water is not needed
It is not possible that we can find mars on the map of the world because mars is not recorded on the world map
It is not possible that we can find mars on the map of the world because mars is a planet
It is not possible that we can find mars on the map of the world because mars is a planet.
It is not possible that i like to drive with my feet because driving with your feet is very dangerous.
It is not possible that i like to drive with my feet because someone driving with their feet would have no way to work the gas and brake pedals and keep their eyes on the road.
It is not possible that i like to drive with my feet because you need to use your hands to steer
It is not possible that i used a lighter to call my dad because lighter can't make phone calls
It is not possible that i used a lighter to call my dad because a lighter does not emit the proper signals or waves for communication through  calling device.
It is not possible that i used a lighter to call my dad because a lighter is used to create fire.
It is not possible that we can go to the store and steal a new dress because stealing is an illegal act
It is not possible that we can go to the store and steal a new dress because you should not steal.
It is not possible that we can go to the store and steal a new dress because dresses can be bought at the store, but not stolen.
It is not possible that he likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back because bookcase is too heavy for people to carry to school.
It is not possible that he likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back because you cannot carry a bookcase on your back.
It is not possible that he likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back because a bookcase is too heavy for a person to carry on his back.
It is not possible that trees usually grow lower than roses because roses are much lower in height than trees.
It is not possible that trees usually grow lower than roses because trees do not grow lower than roses, as seen in everyday life.
It is not possible that trees usually grow lower than roses because trees are typically much taller than rose bushes.
It is not possible that i like to bathe in the sunshine at night because there is no sunshine at night.
It is not possible that i like to bathe in the sunshine at night because the sun does not come out at night.
It is not possible that i like to bathe in the sunshine at night because the sun is below the horizon at night and it's dark at this time.
It is not possible that earthquake is a terrible man-made disaster because earthquakes are often natural geological hazards.
It is not possible that earthquake is a terrible man-made disaster because earthquakes aren't man-made.
It is not possible that earthquake is a terrible man-made disaster because earthquakes are natural disasters
It is not possible that when people are happy, they shed sad tears because people don't cry when they are happy.
It is not possible that when people are happy, they shed sad tears because when people are happy they can shed tears but they are happy, not sad, tears of joy.
It is not possible that when people are happy, they shed sad tears because when people are happy, they either smile or cry happy tears.
It is not possible that the students entered the classroom through the window because students should enter the classroom through the door.
It is not possible that the students entered the classroom through the window because people enter rooms by doors.
It is not possible that the students entered the classroom through the window because a door would be easier to get through.
It is not possible that we usually sleep on the table because we should eat at the table.
It is not possible that we usually sleep on the table because we usually sleep on bed.
It is not possible that we usually sleep on the table because a table is not for sleeping.
It is not possible that people shed tears after strenuous exercise because tears have nothing to do with strenuous exercise
It is not possible that people shed tears after strenuous exercise because crying is not a side effect of exercise.
It is not possible that people shed tears after strenuous exercise because people don't usually cry after exercising, but they do sweat.
It is not possible that people can usually travel by fighter plane because fighter planes usually appear on the battlefield.
It is not possible that people can usually travel by fighter plane because a fighter plane is small and used by the military.
It is not possible that people can usually travel by fighter plane because average people do not have access to fighter planes.
It is not possible that we can use headphones to log on to the internet because headphones can be used to listen to music.
It is not possible that we can use headphones to log on to the internet because headphones are only used for sound.
It is not possible that we can use headphones to log on to the internet because headphones are for listening to audio.
It is not possible that he put a little lime in the soup because lime is not edible, it is harmful to health, but salt can.
It is not possible that he put a little lime in the soup because lime isn't normally a soup ingredient.
It is not possible that he put a little lime in the soup because lime is not an ingredient for soup
It is not possible that he wants to drink water because he is very hungry because when you are hungry, you should eat rather than drink water.
It is not possible that he wants to drink water because he is very hungry because water does not fill you up as much as food.
It is not possible that he wants to drink water because he is very hungry because drinking water is not the way to satiate the hunger.
It is not possible that fast food is very healthy because fast food contains a lot of trans fatty acids, which are harmful to health.
It is not possible that fast food is very healthy because fast food is not good for you.
It is not possible that fast food is very healthy because fast food affects health a lot as the ingredients are not healthy.
It is not possible that i go to the shopping mall every morning for breakfast because the mall can't provide breakfast.
It is not possible that i go to the shopping mall every morning for breakfast because shopping malls are rarely open in the morning and do not serve breakfast.
It is not possible that i go to the shopping mall every morning for breakfast because shopping malls typically sell clothes and electronics rather than food.
It is not possible that when i go to bed at night, i open the doors and windows because opening doors and windows will leave a chance for thieves
It is not possible that when i go to bed at night, i open the doors and windows because people usually close their doors and windows at night
It is not possible that when i go to bed at night, i open the doors and windows because a burglar can come through an open door.
It is not possible that i like to park my plane in the garage because there aren't huge planes in the garage.
It is not possible that i like to park my plane in the garage because planes are parked in hangars.
It is not possible that i like to park my plane in the garage because garage is too small to contain a plane
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he turned on the heating because heating makes people feel hotter
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he turned on the heating because turning on the heat will make you hotter.
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he turned on the heating because if you are hot turning on the heating will only increase the problem.
It is not possible that when you are injured, you should go to a hotel for treatment because the hotel has no medical equipment to treat patients.
It is not possible that when you are injured, you should go to a hotel for treatment because hotels will not have doctors to treat an injured person.
It is not possible that when you are injured, you should go to a hotel for treatment because hotels do not provide medical treatment.
It is not possible that i got to know peter's idea by looking him in the eye because looking at people doesn't understand his inner thoughts.
It is not possible that i got to know peter's idea by looking him in the eye because peter's idea needs words to explain.
It is not possible that i got to know peter's idea by looking him in the eye because i got to know peter by talking to him.
It is not possible that i like to go to restaurants to read books because the restaurant is very noisy and unsuitable for reading, but the library is suitable.
It is not possible that i like to go to restaurants to read books because restaurants don't have books to read.
It is not possible that i like to go to restaurants to read books because there are no books on restaurants
It is not possible that people usually mop the floor with new clothes because new clothes are for wear, not for mopping the floor, but mops are.
It is not possible that people usually mop the floor with new clothes because people mop the floor with rags.
It is not possible that people usually mop the floor with new clothes because one would not use new clothes to clean dirty floors.
It is not possible that humans hibernate in winter because humans will not hibernate
It is not possible that humans hibernate in winter because humans do not hibernate.
It is not possible that humans hibernate in winter because humans do not hibernate
It is not possible that i hate my teacher very much because teachers teach us a lot of knowledge and we should respect them.
It is not possible that i hate my teacher very much because teachers deserve your respect.
It is not possible that i hate my teacher very much because hate is a strong word
It is not possible that fish can survive without water because fish cannot leave the water
It is not possible that fish can survive without water because fish live in water to survive and without water fish will die.
It is not possible that fish can survive without water because fish need water to live.
It is not possible that there are many tall trees in the desert because the desert is very arid and unsuitable for plant life.
It is not possible that there are many tall trees in the desert because trees cannot survive in the desert.
It is not possible that there are many tall trees in the desert because there are few trees in the desert
It is not possible that honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities because honesty and trustworthiness are virtues, not bad qualities.
It is not possible that honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities because human beings value honesty and trustworthiness in all walks of life.
It is not possible that honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities because honesty and trustworthiness are qualities liked by everyone
It is not possible that he needs to buy a table for his lunch because tables are inedible, but cakes are
It is not possible that he needs to buy a table for his lunch because lunch can be eaten even without a table.
It is not possible that he needs to buy a table for his lunch because you can't eat a table.
It is not possible that he ran fastest, so he was the last to cross the finish line because the fastest runner should be the first to reach the finish line.
It is not possible that he ran fastest, so he was the last to cross the finish line because if he ran the fastest, he would be the first to cross the finish line.
It is not possible that he ran fastest, so he was the last to cross the finish line because the fastest person crosses the finish line first.
It is not possible that convenience stores usually sell some cars because cars will not be sold in convenience stores
It is not possible that convenience stores usually sell some cars because cars are not available in convenience stores.
It is not possible that convenience stores usually sell some cars because convenience stores are too small to sell cars.
It is not possible that we can put our shoes in the bottle because you can put shoes in shoebox but not bottles.
It is not possible that we can put our shoes in the bottle because it is not possible to store shoes in a bottle.
It is not possible that we can put our shoes in the bottle because shoes are too big to go into bottles.
It is not possible that there may be a big city on mars because mars is not suitable for human habitation and there is no city.
It is not possible that there may be a big city on mars because mars in uninhabitable.
It is not possible that there may be a big city on mars because there is no life on mars, let alone a city.
It is not possible that explorers usually like to explore in zoos because the zoo has no value for exploration.
It is not possible that explorers usually like to explore in zoos because explorers like to see animals in the wild.
It is not possible that explorers usually like to explore in zoos because zoos are not for exploring
It is not possible that people watch the sunrise at dusk because the sunrise is at dawn but not at dusk
It is not possible that people watch the sunrise at dusk because the sun rises in the morning and sets at night so at dusk people watch the sunset and not the sunrise.
It is not possible that people watch the sunrise at dusk because the sun sets at dusk.
It is not possible that i like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance because shoes don't have a call function, but phones have
It is not possible that i like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance because there is no technology in a shoe to allow communication of any sort.
It is not possible that i like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance because shoes do you talk.
It is not possible that he saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie because dolphins cannot live on land
It is not possible that he saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie because dolphins live in the ocean
It is not possible that he saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie because dolphins live in the ocean.
It is not possible that sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest because sandstorms do not form in tropical rainforest
It is not possible that sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest because rainforests don't have enough sand to have a sandstorm
It is not possible that sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest because there is no sand in tropical rainforests.
It is not possible that myopic people need a pair of sunglasses because sunglasses can only withstand sunshine, can not restore myopia
It is not possible that myopic people need a pair of sunglasses because sun glasses does not correct vision problems
It is not possible that myopic people need a pair of sunglasses because myopic people need a pair of myopic glasses.
It is not possible that dogs like catching mice because rats and cats are natural enemies
It is not possible that dogs like catching mice because snakes like catching mice
It is not possible that dogs like catching mice because dogs don't tend to show much interest in catching mice.
It is not possible that apple is a very sour fruit because apple is sweet, crisp and tasty. it's not sour.
It is not possible that apple is a very sour fruit because a very sour fruit would be something like a lemon.
It is not possible that apple is a very sour fruit because apple is sweet in taste.
It is not possible that children like to go to hospitals for treatment because hospitals are a terrible place for children.
It is not possible that children like to go to hospitals for treatment because hospitals are scary places for children.
It is not possible that children like to go to hospitals for treatment because children normally are afraid of hospitals
It is not possible that spacecraft can travel on rail because rail tracks are not suitable for spacecraft
It is not possible that spacecraft can travel on rail because there are no spacecraft that are rail driven.
It is not possible that spacecraft can travel on rail because a spacecraft is not fit to walk a rail, just in space
It is not possible that peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night because when sleeping, you should spread out the quilt instead of folding it up.
It is not possible that peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night because peter would unfold his quilt to sleep with.
It is not possible that peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night because when someone goes to bed, he/she unfolds quilt
It is not possible that after the fracture, i'll go to the gym for treatment because the gymnasium has no instruments to treat fractures.
It is not possible that after the fracture, i'll go to the gym for treatment because if you experience a fracture, avoid the gym as it will make things worse.
It is not possible that after the fracture, i'll go to the gym for treatment because hospitals treat people.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is responsible behavior because drunk driving is very dangerous and irresponsible.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is responsible behavior because drinking and driving is dangerous and puts others in harm's way.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is responsible behavior because drinking and driving is a bad decision.
It is not possible that peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs because dinosaurs have long disappeared in this world
It is not possible that peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct and thus no one can see them anymore.
It is not possible that make-up can make you uglier because makeup doesn't make people ugly but beautiful
It is not possible that make-up can make you uglier because make-up is used to enhanced one's features for improvement in looks not to make one look worse.
It is not possible that make-up can make you uglier because make-up makes someone more beautiful.
It is not possible that the duty of soldiers is to educate people because it is the duty of teachers to teach and educate people.
It is not possible that the duty of soldiers is to educate people because soldiers fight for the country; not educate.
It is not possible that the duty of soldiers is to educate people because soliders are people who go to war and protect their people.
It is not possible that thinking can make people dull because thinking can make you more logical and smarter.
It is not possible that thinking can make people dull because people who are dull spend little time thinking.
It is not possible that thinking can make people dull because thinking does not make someone dull, there is no connection between the two.
It is not possible that peter bought a giant panda as his pet because giant pandas can't be pets
It is not possible that peter bought a giant panda as his pet because giant pandas are a protected and endangered species, so they aren't for sale.
It is not possible that peter bought a giant panda as his pet because a giant panda cannot be a pet
It is not possible that peter doesn't like bathing, so he's very clean because only bathing can make you clean
It is not possible that peter doesn't like bathing, so he's very clean because bathing makes you clean.
It is not possible that peter doesn't like bathing, so he's very clean because not bathing makes you dirty.
It is not possible that the teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen because pens can't write on the blackboard
It is not possible that the teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen because we use chalk to write on a blackboard, not a pen
It is not possible that the teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen because chalk is used on blackboard.
It is not possible that there will be breathing after death because after death, the heart stops beating and there is no breathing.
It is not possible that there will be breathing after death because breathing takes place in the living so after death no breathing will take place.
It is not possible that there will be breathing after death because you do not breathe after you die.
It is not possible that ostriches like to fly in the sky because an ostrich is a flightless bird.
It is not possible that ostriches like to fly in the sky because ostriches cannot fly.
It is not possible that ostriches like to fly in the sky because only small birds can fly in the sky.
It is not possible that little sheep like to eat stones because little sheep will die if they eat stones
It is not possible that little sheep like to eat stones because sheep don't eat stones.
It is not possible that little sheep like to eat stones because stone are very hard to digest
It is not possible that i like to go for a walk on the sea because man cannot walk on the sea, but can in the park
It is not possible that i like to go for a walk on the sea because humans cannot walk on water.
It is not possible that i like to go for a walk on the sea because you cannot walk on water.
It is not possible that peter helped the other students, so he was scolded by his teacher because helping students should be praised by teachers.
It is not possible that peter helped the other students, so he was scolded by his teacher because teachers like it when students help others.
It is not possible that peter helped the other students, so he was scolded by his teacher because helping others should not get you scolded.
It is not possible that i work 400 days a year because there are only 365 days in a year at most.
It is not possible that i work 400 days a year because there are only 365 days in a year.
It is not possible that i work 400 days a year because there are not 400 days in a year.
It is not possible that i saw a tree running past because trees are immovable, but rabbits can
It is not possible that i saw a tree running past because trees do not run.
It is not possible that i saw a tree running past because tree are static in position binded with the roots inside the soil ,also trees are not having legs as humans/animals etc have.
It is not possible that the sun looks very square because the sun is a huge circular sphere.
It is not possible that the sun looks very square because the sun is circular in shape, not square.
It is not possible that the sun looks very square because the sun is a sphere
It is not possible that i usually have lunch with a comb because a comb is used for combing hair, and chopsticks are for eating.
It is not possible that i usually have lunch with a comb because eating with a comb would be both messy and unsanitary.
It is not possible that i usually have lunch with a comb because you can't eat food with a comb, it's not a utensil.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to listen to movies because movies are watched with the eyes.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to listen to movies because going to the cinema is a seeing and hearing experience in which you cannot just listen to movies.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to listen to movies because cinemas have a huge screen to watch movies.
It is not possible that i opened the door and let my elephant in because elephants are usually much larger than doors.
It is not possible that i opened the door and let my elephant in because an elephant is bigger than a front door.
It is not possible that i opened the door and let my elephant in because elephants cannot fit through doors.
It is not possible that people can drink seawater directly because seawater is rich in salt and is not suitable for human consumption.
It is not possible that people can drink seawater directly because sea water is too salty to drink.
It is not possible that people can drink seawater directly because seawater can not be drunk directly.
It is not possible that gloves make your hands colder because gloves can keep your hands warm.
It is not possible that gloves make your hands colder because gloves to keep our hands warm and protect them from the elements.
It is not possible that gloves make your hands colder because most gloves are used to keep your hands warm.
It is not possible that leaves begin to turn green in autumn because leaves begin to turn yellow and wither in autumn.
It is not possible that leaves begin to turn green in autumn because leaves turn green in the summer.
It is not possible that leaves begin to turn green in autumn because they fall off the trees in autumn.
It is not possible that i can see the aurora at the equator because aurora can only occur in the polar regions, but not at the equator
It is not possible that i can see the aurora at the equator because the aurora is only at the north
It is not possible that i can see the aurora at the equator because there is no aurora at the equator.
It is not possible that every boy likes to wear high heels because high heels are for girls but not boys usually.
It is not possible that every boy likes to wear high heels because boys do not wear high heels.
It is not possible that every boy likes to wear high heels because high heels are worn by girls
It is not possible that a man has a longer neck than the giraffe because the human neck is very short.
It is not possible that a man has a longer neck than the giraffe because a giraffe's neck is very much longer than a human's neck.
It is not possible that a man has a longer neck than the giraffe because giraffes have a much longer neck than humans
It is not possible that cats swim fast in the water because cats are so afraid of water that they could not swim in it.
It is not possible that cats swim fast in the water because a normal cat will not even attempt to swim in water in the first place.
It is not possible that cats swim fast in the water because cats are typically averse to water and don't swim at all.
It is not possible that the train flies very fast because trains can't fly, but the airplane can.
It is not possible that the train flies very fast because trains do not fly.
It is not possible that the train flies very fast because trains don't fly
It is not possible that hotel usually has many teachers because teachers work in schools, not hotels.
It is not possible that hotel usually has many teachers because teachers do not work at hotels.
It is not possible that hotel usually has many teachers because a hotel usually has staff, not teachers
It is not possible that tornadoes bring benefits to humans because tornadoes can destroy human buildings and cause endless disasters.
It is not possible that tornadoes bring benefits to humans because tornadoes can cause damage and chaos for humans.
It is not possible that tornadoes bring benefits to humans because tornadoes can ruin peoples homes or lives, they are not beneficial.
It is not possible that hot pot is very sweet because hot pot is a very spicy chinese food.
It is not possible that hot pot is very sweet because hot and sweet are categorically different tastes.
It is not possible that hot pot is very sweet because hot pot has spicy taste
It is not possible that i like to listen to the tv every morning because television is for watching, not listening.
It is not possible that i like to listen to the tv every morning because we watch television.
It is not possible that i like to listen to the tv every morning because you watch the television.
It is not possible that i drink a glass of oil every morning because oil is not drinkable
It is not possible that i drink a glass of oil every morning because drinking oil is not healthy
It is not possible that i drink a glass of oil every morning because you fo not drink oil by itself
It is not possible that human hair turns red with age because human hair does not turn red but turn white under natural conditions
It is not possible that human hair turns red with age because human hair doesn't turn red as we get older, it turns white or gray.
It is not possible that human hair turns red with age because old people don't develop naturally red hair.
It is not possible that firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire because oil will make the fire more intense
It is not possible that firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire because oil will not do anything to stop fires.
It is not possible that firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire because oil would spread the fire
It is not possible that the earth is the largest planet in the solar system because there are many larger planets than the earth in the solar system, such as the sun
It is not possible that the earth is the largest planet in the solar system because the earth is not the largest planet in the solar system as there are many planets that are larger than the earth.
It is not possible that the earth is the largest planet in the solar system because the largest planet in the solar system is jupiter.
It is not possible that cars float on the water because the car will sink in the water.
It is not possible that cars float on the water because cars are not built as flotation devices; they have holes that water can penetrate, and they will sink.
It is not possible that cars float on the water because cars are too heavy too float on the water.
It is not possible that hens crow every day because hens don't crow
It is not possible that hens crow every day because hens don't crow, they lay eggs.
It is not possible that hens crow every day because hens cluck everyday
It is not possible that he likes to eat basketball because people can eat apples but not basketballs.
It is not possible that he likes to eat basketball because basketballs are not a food so he cannot eat them as the substance is not eatable.
It is not possible that he likes to eat basketball because basketballs are not edible.
It is not possible that there will be many ponds in the desert because the desert is very arid and very short of water.
It is not possible that there will be many ponds in the desert because the desert has no water.
It is not possible that there will be many ponds in the desert because deserts are dry, barren, and filled with sand.
It is not possible that the water in the pond eventually converges to the sea because water in a pond cannot flow.
It is not possible that the water in the pond eventually converges to the sea because the pond does not flow to the sea
It is not possible that the water in the pond eventually converges to the sea because ponds do not connect to the sea.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the classroom because classroom is the place for studying, and the swimming pool is for swimming
It is not possible that i like swimming in the classroom because people swim in swimming pools.
It is not possible that i like swimming in the classroom because it is not possible to swim in the classroom because there is no water.
It is not possible that i like to write with a kitchen knife because a kitchen knife can't be used for writing.
It is not possible that i like to write with a kitchen knife because it is impossible to write with a kitchen knife
It is not possible that i like to write with a kitchen knife because kitchen knives are for cutting.
It is not possible that hens can lay chickens because hens are not allowed to breed chickens directly.
It is not possible that hens can lay chickens because chickens are not born outside of eggs.
It is not possible that hens can lay chickens because an egg must hatch before we call it a chicken, and the egg cannot hatch before it is laid.
It is not possible that water evaporates into ice because water freezes at low temperatures.
It is not possible that water evaporates into ice because water does not evaporate to ice
It is not possible that water evaporates into ice because ice is made from frozen water.
It is not possible that i like to use ice for heating because ice does not provide heat, but the fire can
It is not possible that i like to use ice for heating because ice makes things cold.
It is not possible that i like to use ice for heating because ice is a frozen item and is cold and wouldn't be used to heat anything.
It is not possible that too much exercise can cause sadness because excessive muscle activity can lead to fatigue
It is not possible that too much exercise can cause sadness because exercise is not linked with unhappiness.
It is not possible that too much exercise can cause sadness because there is no need to feel sad after exercise.
It is not possible that it rarely rains these days, so the sales of umbrellas have increased because more people buy umbrellas on rainy days
It is not possible that it rarely rains these days, so the sales of umbrellas have increased because you don't need an umbrella if it rarely rains
It is not possible that it rarely rains these days, so the sales of umbrellas have increased because if rain reduces then umbrella sales would decrease
It is not possible that usually there are many televisions in the kitchen because the television is usually placed in the living room
It is not possible that usually there are many televisions in the kitchen because kitchens are not the place people watch tv.
It is not possible that usually there are many televisions in the kitchen because usually there are many bowls in the kitchen.
It is not possible that eggs are from chicken farmers' body because eggs are collected by chicken farmers from hens
It is not possible that eggs are from chicken farmers' body because human does not lay eggs
It is not possible that eggs are from chicken farmers' body because eggs are from chickens
It is not possible that i put my books in the refrigerator because shelf is used to hold books
It is not possible that i put my books in the refrigerator because books do not belong in a refrigerator, as they gain no benefit from being cold.
It is not possible that i put my books in the refrigerator because books do not go in a refrigerator
It is not possible that everyone is never too old to study breathing because language is an acquired skill, while breathing is an innate ability
It is not possible that everyone is never too old to study breathing because no one is too old to study breathing.
It is not possible that everyone is never too old to study breathing because breathing is an innate function, it is not studied.
It is not possible that this house sounds very good because no one can hear the house
It is not possible that this house sounds very good because we can describe a house by it's looks.
It is not possible that this house sounds very good because houses typically don't make any noises that would "sound good."
It is not possible that whales live in the desert because the desert lacks water on which whales live.
It is not possible that whales live in the desert because whales do not live in the desert.
It is not possible that whales live in the desert because the desert is dry and whales need water to live
It is not possible that he used the oven as his dinner because the oven is not edible.
It is not possible that he used the oven as his dinner because one cannot eat an oven for dinner. they can use it to cook.
It is not possible that he used the oven as his dinner because the oven is a kitchen appliance.
It is not possible that he wanted to rest because he was very hungry because if you are hungry, you should eat instead of rest.
It is not possible that he wanted to rest because he was very hungry because hunger does not make you tired.
It is not possible that he wanted to rest because he was very hungry because rest helps a person if he is tired.
It is not possible that apple is a junk food because apple is nutritious, not junk food
It is not possible that apple is a junk food because an apple is a fruit which his a healthy food to eat.
It is not possible that apple is a junk food because apple is nutritious food
It is not possible that i go to the hotel every month to exercise because hotels are places to stay and eat, and gyms for exercising
It is not possible that i go to the hotel every month to exercise because hotel does not have weights and workout arrangements
It is not possible that i go to the hotel every month to exercise because hotels are made for rest.
It is not possible that when the car is damaged, we can go to the hospital to repair it because hospitals has no tools for repairing cars.
It is not possible that when the car is damaged, we can go to the hospital to repair it because the hospital does not repair cars.
It is not possible that when the car is damaged, we can go to the hospital to repair it because a car is repaired in a mechanic shop.
It is not possible that pupils drive cars to school because pupils are not allowed to drive.
It is not possible that pupils drive cars to school because pupils are too young to drive cars.
It is not possible that pupils drive cars to school because pupils are under driving age.
It is not possible that the arctic is very hot because the arctic receives less sunlight, so it's colder.
It is not possible that the arctic is very hot because the arctic is covered in icecaps an is not known for being hot.
It is not possible that the arctic is very hot because the arctic is not very hot, its one of the coldest places on earth.
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold because wearing fewer clothes will make you feel colder
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold because wearing fewer clothes makes you feel more cold.
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold because not wearing clothes allows body heat to escape more readily, so not wearing clothes will make a person feel colder.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to watch basketball games because you should go to the basketball court to watch a basketball match.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to watch basketball games because one goes to a cinema to watch movies ane goes to an arean to watch a basketball game.
It is not possible that i like going to the cinema to watch basketball games because basketball games take place at a basketball court.
It is not possible that people often wipe their sweat with bedsheets because the sheets are laid on the bed for sleeping.
It is not possible that people often wipe their sweat with bedsheets because sweat would make bedsheets dirty.
It is not possible that people often wipe their sweat with bedsheets because people only wipe their sweat with bedsheets in specific instances, not as a common occurrence.
It is not possible that people usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight because eating a lot of food can make people fatter.
It is not possible that people usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight because eating a lot of food will make you gain weight
It is not possible that people usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight because dieting causes weight loss.
It is not possible that birds usually sleep on the ground because birds usually sleep in their nests on the trees rather than on the ground.
It is not possible that birds usually sleep on the ground because most birds build nests in trees and sleep in them.
It is not possible that birds usually sleep on the ground because birds are not safe if they sleep on grounds.
It is not possible that i like people who are irritable with me because an irritable person can be very disgusting.
It is not possible that i like people who are irritable with me because most people do not like irritable people
It is not possible that i like people who are irritable with me because we usually like to be around nice people because we avoid being angry
It is not possible that water contains a lot of pigments because water is a colorless transparent liquid and does not contain pigments.
It is not possible that water contains a lot of pigments because water by itself does not contain anything, including added dyes.
It is not possible that water contains a lot of pigments because water is colorless.
It is not possible that i can dig an apple out of the soil because apples don't grow in the soil but on the tree.
It is not possible that i can dig an apple out of the soil because apples don't grow underground
It is not possible that i can dig an apple out of the soil because apples grow on trees.
It is not possible that police usually release bad people because the duty of the police is to punish the evil, and of course not to release the bad guys.
It is not possible that police usually release bad people because police usually release good people
It is not possible that police usually release bad people because it is the duty of the police to keep the bad people in prison.
It is not possible that he likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast because bowls and chopsticks are not edible.
It is not possible that he likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast because bowls and chopsticks are not edible to have for breakfast.
It is not possible that he likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast because bowls and chopsticks are not fit for human consumption.
It is not possible that food processing factory will supply us with furniture because furniture factories usually produce furniture.
It is not possible that food processing factory will supply us with furniture because food processing factory will supplies food.
It is not possible that food processing factory will supply us with furniture because a food processing factory makes food products and cannot process furniture which is made of materials  so a food processing factory cannot supply furniture.
It is not possible that it was sunny, so many people took their elephants for a walk because it's impossible for many ordinary people to raise an elephant.
It is not possible that it was sunny, so many people took their elephants for a walk because people do not have pet elephants that they would walk.
It is not possible that it was sunny, so many people took their elephants for a walk because people don't own elephants as pets, so they wouldn't take them out for walks.
It is not possible that there may be villages in the ocean because man cannot live in the sea, so there are no villages in the sea.
It is not possible that there may be villages in the ocean because villages exists on land.
It is not possible that there may be villages in the ocean because villages appear on the surface of the earth.
It is not possible that astronauts usually travel to space by train because trains can't fly, let alone go into space.
It is not possible that astronauts usually travel to space by train because trains cannot go to space
It is not possible that astronauts usually travel to space by train because a train is not equipped to travel in space
It is not possible that sheep like to graze grass on the sea because sheep cannot live in the sea
It is not possible that sheep like to graze grass on the sea because grass does not grow on the sea.
It is not possible that sheep like to graze grass on the sea because grass does not grow on the sea.
It is not possible that i like flying kites in my bedroom because the bedroom is a place to sleep, not to fly a kite.
It is not possible that i like flying kites in my bedroom because kites cannot be flown indoors.
It is not possible that i like flying kites in my bedroom because there is not enough room or wind to fly a kite in a bedroom
It is not possible that he missed the last flight of the hotel because there is no airport in the hotel.
It is not possible that he missed the last flight of the hotel because there are no airplanes at hotels
It is not possible that he missed the last flight of the hotel because the hotel does not fly.
It is not possible that he likes to play online games on his desk because there are no online games on the table.
It is not possible that he likes to play online games on his desk because online games are not played on a desk, as they need to be played online.
It is not possible that he likes to play online games on his desk because you play board games on a desk.
It is not possible that he writes in bottles because bottles can't be used for writing.
It is not possible that he writes in bottles because writing is done on paper
It is not possible that he writes in bottles because bottles are to hold liquid.
It is not possible that boys now usually have a long braid because boys don't like braids now
It is not possible that boys now usually have a long braid because boys have short hair.
It is not possible that boys now usually have a long braid because boys do not typically have hair long enough to braid.
It is not possible that it often rains in the desert because the desert is so dry that it seldom rains.
It is not possible that it often rains in the desert because deserts have a small amount of rain each year.
It is not possible that it often rains in the desert because it rarely rains in the desert, that's why deserts are so dry.
It is not possible that people can eat with their noses because the nose is for breathing, not for eating.
It is not possible that people can eat with their noses because noses are for smelling.
It is not possible that people can eat with their noses because it is not possible to consume food through your nose.
It is not possible that i saw a bird running over quickly because birds usually fly in the sky and do not run on the ground, but cats can run.
It is not possible that i saw a bird running over quickly because birds fly when they need to move fast.
It is not possible that i saw a bird running over quickly because birds are only capable of flying and hopping.
It is not possible that in order to study mathematics, i enrolled in a basketball class because basketball class can't learn mathematics
It is not possible that in order to study mathematics, i enrolled in a basketball class because basketball clases do not teach mathematics.
It is not possible that in order to study mathematics, i enrolled in a basketball class because basketball class will not teach mathematics skills.
It is not possible that football players like to play the ball with their hands because it's against the rules to touch the ball by hand in a football match.
It is not possible that football players like to play the ball with their hands because football is played on the ground.
It is not possible that football players like to play the ball with their hands because football players use a football in a game to protect and throw/kick it for scoring but not to play with it with their hands.
It is not possible that a lion is a vegetarian because the lion likes to eat meat, so it is not a vegetarian.
It is not possible that a lion is a vegetarian because a lion eats meat so it cannot be a vegetarian which eats plants etc.
It is not possible that a lion is a vegetarian because a lion does not eat greens
It is not possible that there are thirteen months in a year because the international rule is only twelve months a year.
It is not possible that there are thirteen months in a year because the current calendar does not support there being thirteen months in a year.
It is not possible that there are thirteen months in a year because a year consists of twelve months so there are never thrteen months in a year.
It is not possible that his mother died, and he was very happy because the death of a loved one is a very sad thing.
It is not possible that his mother died, and he was very happy because no one will be happy for a death
It is not possible that his mother died, and he was very happy because if your mother dies, you should be sad.
It is not possible that everyone sleepwalks while sleeping because not everyone sleepwalks after falling asleep.
It is not possible that everyone sleepwalks while sleeping because sleepwalking is rare.
It is not possible that everyone sleepwalks while sleeping because most people do not sleepwalk.
It is not possible that the moonlight shines through the wall into the room because moonlight cannot penetrate walls
It is not possible that the moonlight shines through the wall into the room because walls block light.
It is not possible that the moonlight shines through the wall into the room because sunshine shines through a window which is in a wall, but sunshine cannot shine through a wall.
It is not possible that sports are very necessary for human beings because human beings will die if they don't eat, but can still live without sports
It is not possible that sports are very necessary for human beings because sports are not necessary to sustain life.
It is not possible that sports are very necessary for human beings because not everyone enjoys sports.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is a very safe thing because alcohol paralyzes the brain and prohibits driving.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is a very safe thing because drinking and driving are not safe for anyone because it leads to impairment.
It is not possible that drinking and driving is a very safe thing because drinking and driving can injure you and others.
It is not possible that i took the ice cream out of the stove because ice cream melts in the stove
It is not possible that i took the ice cream out of the stove because stove produce heat
It is not possible that i took the ice cream out of the stove because stove is not a place to store an ice cream.
It is not possible that he left his car in his bedroom because cars can't get into the bedroom
It is not possible that he left his car in his bedroom because a car is parked in a garage.
It is not possible that he left his car in his bedroom because cars belong in the garage.
It is not possible that i'm chatting with animals because animals can't talk, they can't talk to people.
It is not possible that i'm chatting with animals because animals do not speak so one can only chat at the animals not with them.
It is not possible that i'm chatting with animals because animals can not understand human language and talk back
It is not possible that there are many trains in space because trains do not exist in space
It is not possible that there are many trains in space because there are no train tracks in space.
It is not possible that there are many trains in space because trains have never been sent into space.
It is not possible that i like to buy clothes in the gym because the gym does not sell clothes.
It is not possible that i like to buy clothes in the gym because gyms don't usually sell clothing.
It is not possible that i like to buy clothes in the gym because gym is a place where we cannot buy clothes.
It is not possible that human beings usually live on the moon because the moon is not suitable for human habitation.
It is not possible that human beings usually live on the moon because no human being lives on the moon.
It is not possible that human beings usually live on the moon because life for human in moon is not possible.
It is not possible that he likes to eat apple core because the apple core is not suitable for eating.
It is not possible that he likes to eat apple core because most people do not eat the apple cores, although science recently said that is where 90% of the healthy bacteria is.
It is not possible that he likes to eat apple core because the flesh of the apple is the part eaten, not the core.
It is not possible that water turns into ice in a stove because a stove makes water boil
It is not possible that water turns into ice in a stove because stove's are used to make water hotter, ergo they cannot turn to ice in a stove.
It is not possible that water turns into ice in a stove because water requires extreme cold to turn into ice and a stove is used for heating, so water cannot freeze in a stove.
It is not possible that the car bumped the plane because cars are driving on the land, but the planes are flying in the sky
It is not possible that the car bumped the plane because car is not allowed in the runways
It is not possible that the car bumped the plane because car and plane travel in different modes of travel
It is not possible that i want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes because giraffes live at the zoo, not the botanical garden
It is not possible that i want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes because botanical gardens do not have animals.
It is not possible that i want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes because botanical gardens are filled with flower/plants and a giraffe is seen at a zoo which hold animals so one cannot see giraffes in a botanical garden.
It is not possible that there was a theft here so i called the travel agency because a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a theft
It is not possible that there was a theft here so i called the travel agency because a travel agency doesn't enforce the law.
It is not possible that there was a theft here so i called the travel agency because travel agencies don't help with theft.
It is not possible that i go to the gym to see animals because a gym is a place for sports and there are no animals.
It is not possible that i go to the gym to see animals because animals are not present in a gym.
It is not possible that i go to the gym to see animals because animals do not hang out in gyms.
It is not possible that i had football for dinner because football is sporting goods and can't be eaten.
It is not possible that i had football for dinner because footballs are not edible.
It is not possible that i had football for dinner because footballs are not typically edible.
It is not possible that outdated food is edible because outdated food is not good for health
It is not possible that outdated food is edible because you should not eat outdated food.
It is not possible that outdated food is edible because food that is out of date may taste bad or be unsafe to eat.
It is not possible that in order to exercise, i learn to draw because painting is not a form of exercise.
It is not possible that in order to exercise, i learn to draw because drawing doesn't make you sweat.
It is not possible that in order to exercise, i learn to draw because drawing is not a kind of exercise.
It is not possible that staying up late is good for your health because staying up late decreases human function and may lead to sudden death
It is not possible that staying up late is good for your health because sleep is necessary for health.
It is not possible that staying up late is good for your health because not sleeping enough can eventually cause psychosis
It is not possible that bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly because everyone can ride a bicycle as long as they can ride it.
It is not possible that bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly because bicycle drivers doesn't need to be examined strictly because they are not responsable for a lot of people.
It is not possible that bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly because bicycle driving does not have any risk
It is not possible that the sea is sweet because the seawater contains a lot of salt.
It is not possible that the sea is sweet because the sea does not contain sugar, or anything that makes it taste sweet
It is not possible that the sea is sweet because the ocean has salt in its composition
It is not possible that africans skin is white because high temperatures keep africans' skins black
It is not possible that africans skin is white because africans have dark skin
It is not possible that africans skin is white because africans have black skin.
It is not possible that achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise because exercise can lead to more severe achilles tendon fractures.
It is not possible that achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise because strenuous exercise is not an occurrence from an achilles tendon fracture
It is not possible that achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise because it is an injury and not a type of exercise.
It is not possible that we can play computer games for a long time because playing computer games for a long time can lead to poor eyesight
It is not possible that we can play computer games for a long time because playing computer games for too long can be detrimental to your health.
It is not possible that we can play computer games for a long time because playing games on computer is not good for our health and for our eyes.
It is not possible that the moon can be used as a tourist destination because the environment of the moon is not suitable for human travel.
It is not possible that the moon can be used as a tourist destination because the moon is to far and to expensive to be used as a tourist destination.
It is not possible that the moon can be used as a tourist destination because moon is too far from the earth
It is not possible that he takes a bath in the restaurant every day because restaurant is a place to eat. bath needs to go to bathroom.
It is not possible that he takes a bath in the restaurant every day because a restaurant doesn't have a shower and soap to take a bath
It is not possible that he takes a bath in the restaurant every day because restaurants are for dining
It is not possible that einstein is a famous philosopher because einstein made a great contribution to the cause of physics.
It is not possible that einstein is a famous philosopher because philosophy is a different job than physicist.
It is not possible that einstein is a famous philosopher because philosophy is not what einstein was known for.
It is not possible that homeless people are rich because people who do not have money become homelessness
It is not possible that homeless people are rich because homeless people do not have much money.
It is not possible that homeless people are rich because rich people only can buy homes , poor people can't.
It is not possible that he treats me so bad that i like him so much because people would have bad feelings about unfriendly people
It is not possible that he treats me so bad that i like him so much because commonly, being treated badly is not a trait that one would enjoy or a reason to like someone
It is not possible that he treats me so bad that i like him so much because bad treatmeant usually doesn't inspire feelings of endearment.
It is not possible that she danced to the cello because cello is an instrument that can not be danced to
It is not possible that she danced to the cello because it is not possible to dance to cello
It is not possible that she danced to the cello because a stationary silent cello is not good to dance to.
It is not possible that thieves are not punished for stealing because thieves will be punished by law for stealing.
It is not possible that thieves are not punished for stealing because people are actually punished for stealing.
It is not possible that thieves are not punished for stealing because thieves gets punished for stealing.
It is not possible that we should disobey traffic rules because traffic paralysis due to non-compliance with traffic regulations
It is not possible that we should disobey traffic rules because traffic rules exist for safety.
It is not possible that we should disobey traffic rules because traffic rules are meant to be followed.
It is not possible that golf balls i had for dinner because golf can't be eaten.
It is not possible that golf balls i had for dinner because golf balls are not edible.
It is not possible that golf balls i had for dinner because golf balls are a sports item.
It is not possible that i can watch piano music because music comes in through the ear.
It is not possible that i can watch piano music because music in not visual
It is not possible that i can watch piano music because music can only be heard.
It is not possible that watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health because mobile phones emit radiation
It is not possible that watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health because watching mobile phones for long hours  damages human health.
It is not possible that watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health because watching mobile phones for a long time can damage our sight.
It is not possible that pencils will harden after they are used up because rubber aging occurs during use
It is not possible that pencils will harden after they are used up because pencils gets soft when they are used up.
It is not possible that pencils will harden after they are used up because pencils start hard, but get shorter as used.
It is not possible that it's very hot in winter because the sun shines all over the earth in summer
It is not possible that it's very hot in winter because winter is cold weather.
It is not possible that it's very hot in winter because the winter has cold weather.
It is not possible that the road can wash clothes because the road can only be used for walking.
It is not possible that the road can wash clothes because roads are for driving on and have no mechanism for washing.
It is not possible that the road can wash clothes because a road is not a human to wash clothes.
It is not possible that we can drink too much cold food because drinking more cold drinks can lead to gastrointestinal discomfort.
It is not possible that we can drink too much cold food because only liquids can be drunk.
It is not possible that we can drink too much cold food because food is not meant to be drank.
It is not possible that human blood is green because human blood contains red blood cells, which are red.
It is not possible that human blood is green because the color of human blood is incorrect.
It is not possible that human blood is green because every human on earth has red blood.
It is not possible that the atomic bomb is a terrible animal because atomic bombs do not belong to animals
It is not possible that the atomic bomb is a terrible animal because the atomic bomb is not an animal.
It is not possible that the atomic bomb is a terrible animal because atomic bomb is not a living creature.
It is not possible that man is a solitary animal because people need to be social to make friends and get information
It is not possible that man is a solitary animal because man is a social animal
It is not possible that man is a solitary animal because man is an animal that lives in society, so he cannot be lonely.
It is not possible that long exposure to sunlight is good for health because long exposure to sunlight can lead to skin diseases
It is not possible that long exposure to sunlight is good for health because too much exposure is bad
It is not possible that long exposure to sunlight is good for health because sunlight rays doesn't contain anything for good health
It is not possible that we often bathe in the sand because sand can not help us clean our body
It is not possible that we often bathe in the sand because sand is not a proper bathing medium and will not get you clean.
It is not possible that we often bathe in the sand because sand is not a liquid so it can't be used to bathe in
It is not possible that i like eating tigers very much because eating tigers is an illegal act
It is not possible that i like eating tigers very much because tigers are found in zoos.
It is not possible that i like eating tigers very much because tigers are not meant to be eaten.
It is not possible that birds can swim freely in the water because birds can only fly in the sky.
It is not possible that birds can swim freely in the water because birds do not swim typically, they fly
It is not possible that birds can swim freely in the water because birds only live in land
It is not possible that i use bears as my toys because bears are wild animals and cannot be used as toys.
It is not possible that i use bears as my toys because bears are wild animals that can harm people and should not be played with as toys.
It is not possible that i use bears as my toys because bears would be very dangerous toys, even tame ones could hurt you.
It is not possible that i eat hot pot by hand because eating hot pot with your hands can burn your hands.
It is not possible that i eat hot pot by hand because you will burn your hands if you touch it.
It is not possible that i eat hot pot by hand because hot pot is eaten with chopsticks because it is hot.
It is not possible that i like to talk to my dog because dogs don't talk.
It is not possible that i like to talk to my dog because dogs can't talk back.
It is not possible that i like to talk to my dog because dogs cannot talk.
It is not possible that motorcycle riders should wear hats because hats do not protect the head
It is not possible that motorcycle riders should wear hats because hats will not protect the rider in a crash.
It is not possible that motorcycle riders should wear hats because hats do not protect a motorcycle rider's head.
It is not possible that we can keep pandas as pets because pandas are rare thus protected
It is not possible that we can keep pandas as pets because pandas are not allowed to be help as pets.
It is not possible that we can keep pandas as pets because pandas cannot be kept as pets
It is not possible that drinking alcohol is good for health because alcohol can damage liver function
It is not possible that drinking alcohol is good for health because drinking alcohol is very detrimental to your health.
It is not possible that drinking alcohol is good for health because alcohol can be harmful in excessive portions.
It is not possible that you don't need a passport to enter a foreign country because passport proves a person's nationality and identity and it's required when entering a foreign country
It is not possible that you don't need a passport to enter a foreign country because if you go to a foreign country without a passport you will be turned away or detained.
It is not possible that you don't need a passport to enter a foreign country because if you do not have a passport, you will not be allowed into a foreign country.
It is not possible that when america is during wintertime, australia is also during wintertime because the seasons in the north and south hemispheres are opposite
It is not possible that when america is during wintertime, australia is also during wintertime because earth tilts, causing opposite seasons.
It is not possible that when america is during wintertime, australia is also during wintertime because australia is in the southern hemisphere so when america is in wintertime, australia is in summertime unless it is south america.
It is not possible that usually there are many buildings in a forest because a forest is an ecological system where plants and animals live
It is not possible that usually there are many buildings in a forest because forests are often lacking buildings
It is not possible that usually there are many buildings in a forest because everyone knows that their are not many buildings in a forest, its always lots of trees.
It is not possible that i ate baseballs for breakfast because baseball is not a kind of food
It is not possible that i ate baseballs for breakfast because baseballs are not edible.
It is not possible that i ate baseballs for breakfast because eating a baseball wouldn't make for a good breakfast. it is a sports product.
It is not possible that peter lied and his mother praised him because lying is not right thus should not be encouraged
It is not possible that peter lied and his mother praised him because no one praises for a wrong activity
It is not possible that peter lied and his mother praised him because lying is generally considered something worthy of punishment.
It is not possible that after the sunrise, the sky will turn dark because sunrise is the start of a daytime
It is not possible that after the sunrise, the sky will turn dark because after the sun rises, the sky lightens and the day begins.
It is not possible that after the sunrise, the sky will turn dark because sunrise will be turning light
It is not possible that humans can breathe underwater because humans need air to breathe but there is not enough air underwater
It is not possible that humans can breathe underwater because many fish can breathe underwater, but humans are unable to.
It is not possible that humans can breathe underwater because humans need air to breathe
It is not possible that i have five eyes because usually, humans have two eyes
It is not possible that i have five eyes because people only have two eyes.
It is not possible that i have five eyes because a person only typically has two eyes.
It is not possible that the peach is a kind of animal because peaches grow on peach trees
It is not possible that the peach is a kind of animal because an animal is a living creature.
It is not possible that the peach is a kind of animal because there is no animal called peach.
It is not possible that 12-year-old mary is shorter than she was six years ago because children grow taller when they grow up
It is not possible that 12-year-old mary is shorter than she was six years ago because children grow taller with age.
It is not possible that 12-year-old mary is shorter than she was six years ago because between six and twelve children grow taller.
It is not possible that this dress tastes very good because no one can eat a dress
It is not possible that this dress tastes very good because you can not eat a dress
It is not possible that this dress tastes very good because only food can be eaten.
It is not possible that i put my pens in my wash bag because wash bags are for toiletries
It is not possible that i put my pens in my wash bag because pens do not get washed.
It is not possible that i put my pens in my wash bag because you should not wash your pens.
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelons grow on vines but not on trees
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelons grow on vines on the ground, not in trees.
It is not possible that watermelons grow on trees because watermelons grow in the ground.
It is not possible that most people have two heads because a human normally has one head
It is not possible that most people have two heads because most people have one head.
It is not possible that most people have two heads because we do not have enough room on our shoulders for two heads
It is not possible that the proposal usually happens after the wedding because people usually propose first before they get married
It is not possible that the proposal usually happens after the wedding because the proposal usually happens before the wedding
It is not possible that the proposal usually happens after the wedding because there is nothing to propose after a wedding.
It is not possible that he likes fishing by a desert because there is no fish in the desert
It is not possible that he likes fishing by a desert because you cannot fish in a desert.
It is not possible that he likes fishing by a desert because a desert has no water.
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, you'd better have parties because having parties is not a good way to improve your grades
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, you'd better have parties because there is no connection between having parties and getting good grades.
It is not possible that if you want to get good grades, you'd better have parties because parties will not help you get good grades.
It is not possible that you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed because the closed door will block the way
It is not possible that you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed because one cannot enter a room if the door is closed unless one opens the door to provide entry into a room.
It is not possible that you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed because one cannot walk through a closed door.
It is not possible that you need to be asleep to stay up because staying up means not going to sleep at night
It is not possible that you need to be asleep to stay up because staying up means we are not asleep.
It is not possible that you need to be asleep to stay up because being asleep is the opposite of being awake.
It is not possible that i had an umbrella for lunch today because an umbrella is not something that can be eaten
It is not possible that i had an umbrella for lunch today because umbrellas are not edible.
It is not possible that i had an umbrella for lunch today because umbrellas are not edible.
It is not possible that the hunter caught a shark in the forest because sharks live in the sea, not the forest
It is not possible that the hunter caught a shark in the forest because sharks live in the ocean, and can't survive in a forest.
It is not possible that the hunter caught a shark in the forest because sharks are found in the sea not in forest.
It is not possible that i'm tired now so i need to take some exercise because taking exercise could make people feel more tired
It is not possible that i'm tired now so i need to take some exercise because i am tired now so i won't go to the gym anymore but will get a well needed rest and be ready to go again.
It is not possible that i'm tired now so i need to take some exercise because exercise tires people out.
It is not possible that i can hear the pictures on the wall because pictures are not sound and can't be heard
It is not possible that i can hear the pictures on the wall because pictures are images, not sounds, so they cannot be heard, only seen.
It is not possible that i can hear the pictures on the wall because pictures do not make sounds
It is not possible that my home is 2 kilometers from school and i take a plane to school everyday because taking a plane is not necessary for such a short distance as 2 kilometers
It is not possible that my home is 2 kilometers from school and i take a plane to school everyday because plane is an object that cannot be used to travel for 2 kilometers.
It is not possible that my home is 2 kilometers from school and i take a plane to school everyday because planes are used for much longer trips.
It is not possible that people go to the park when they are sick because a park is not a place where you can get medical treatment
It is not possible that people go to the park when they are sick because if you are sick, see a doctor.
It is not possible that people go to the park when they are sick because sick people cannot be taken to the park.
It is not possible that i am waiting for the train at the bus station because the train stops at the train station, not the bus station
It is not possible that i am waiting for the train at the bus station because buses go to bus stations and not trains.
It is not possible that i am waiting for the train at the bus station because one would wait for a bus at a bus station and a train at a train station, not a train at a bus station.
It is not possible that i want to go to the north pole to see penguins because penguins live at the south pole, not the north pole
It is not possible that i want to go to the north pole to see penguins because there are no penguins at the north pole.
It is not possible that i want to go to the north pole to see penguins because penguins are only on the south pole.
It is not possible that there was a car accident so i called the travel agency because a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a car accident
It is not possible that there was a car accident so i called the travel agency because a travel agency isn't an emergency service during a car accident.
It is not possible that there was a car accident so i called the travel agency because travel agencies typically arrange trips, rather than deal with emergency situations.
It is not possible that i go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends because cinema is a place to watch movies, not to go swimming
It is not possible that i go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends because a swimming pool cannot be found in a cinema
It is not possible that i go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends because swimming requires the use of water and cinema's are created for viewing movies so one cannot swim in a cinema.
It is not possible that every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall because light can't penetrate the wall
It is not possible that every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall because the sun cannot shine through the wall.
It is not possible that every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall because the sun doesn't cross the wall
It is not possible that columbus created america because america is not something that can be created by a human
It is not possible that columbus created america because the land later known as america was already in existence before 1492, so columbus could not have created it himself.
It is not possible that columbus created america because columbus did not create america, but was one who found the land.
It is not possible that i put my phone in my shoe because people normally don't put their phones in shoes
It is not possible that i put my phone in my shoe because phones don't belong in shoes; only feet belong in shoes.
It is not possible that i put my phone in my shoe because shoe is meant for legs
It is not possible that i learned to swim to enjoy art because swimming is a sport but not a way to enjoy art
It is not possible that i learned to swim to enjoy art because swimming is not considered art.
It is not possible that i learned to swim to enjoy art because swimining is not an art.
It is not possible that suit is a good quality of a person because suit is not a quality of a person
It is not possible that suit is a good quality of a person because a suit is something a person wears.
It is not possible that suit is a good quality of a person because a suit is a type of clothing item.
It is not possible that fasten your seat belt after you drive because the car won't start until the seat belt is fastened
It is not possible that fasten your seat belt after you drive because fastening your seatbelt after driving provides no safety benefit.
It is not possible that fasten your seat belt after you drive because you should fasten before you drive
It is not possible that birds can breathe in the water because birds have no gills thus can only breathe in air
It is not possible that birds can breathe in the water because birds can not live under water.
It is not possible that birds can breathe in the water because birds must breathe air, and they would drown in the water.
It is not possible that we can see the future through photos because photos record things happened in the past, not things will happen in the future
It is not possible that we can see the future through photos because photos cannot be taken of the future
It is not possible that we can see the future through photos because photos are present situation
It is not possible that two people who love each other must marry each other because marriage is not a requirement or obligation
It is not possible that two people who love each other must marry each other because there are no laws requiring marriage.
It is not possible that two people who love each other must marry each other because people who love each other don't necessarily have to marry each other
It is not possible that good-looking people must have better chances to success because physical appearance has nothing to do with success
It is not possible that good-looking people must have better chances to success because success comes from talent and dedication.
It is not possible that good-looking people must have better chances to success because good looks has nothing to do with success.
It is not possible that tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it because the teacher will be unhappy for students being absent
It is not possible that tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it because a teacher is not happy when a student misses class
It is not possible that tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it because teachers are not usually happy when their students are absent from class.
It is not possible that he takes a shower in his closet every morning because closet in a place to put clothes in, not to take a shower
It is not possible that he takes a shower in his closet every morning because is impossible to take a shower in the closet
It is not possible that he takes a shower in his closet every morning because closet is too small size for taking shower
It is not possible that the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history because discovery is to find something that already exists
It is not possible that the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history because the plane is not a discovery in human history, but an invention made by humans in order to fly.
It is not possible that the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history because why is the plane is one of the most important.whats in it
It is not possible that i had some toothpaste for my breakfast because toothpaste is not humans' food
It is not possible that i had some toothpaste for my breakfast because toothpaste is used for brushing teeth.
It is not possible that i had some toothpaste for my breakfast because you can not eat toothpaste.
It is not possible that homeless people are enviable because homelessness is not something good that people would envy about
It is not possible that homeless people are enviable because there is not much to envy of the homeless.
It is not possible that homeless people are enviable because being homeless is an unpleasant state that most would prefer to avoid.
It is not possible that he treats me so nice that i hate him so much because people would have good feelings about friendly people
It is not possible that he treats me so nice that i hate him so much because when people treat you nicely it is generally reciprocated.
It is not possible that he treats me so nice that i hate him so much because someone does not hate someone that treats them nicely
It is not possible that she danced to the piano because piano is an instrument that can not be danced to
It is not possible that she danced to the piano because a piano is accompanied by singing only.
It is not possible that she danced to the piano because the piano is an unsafe dancing surface.
It is not possible that jack works at a garage as a waiter because a garage doesn't need waiters
It is not possible that jack works at a garage as a waiter because garage have only mechanic
It is not possible that jack works at a garage as a waiter because a garage is where cars are repaired.
It is not possible that people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays because the cake is a kind of food, not a drink
It is not possible that people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays because people eat cakes.
It is not possible that people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays because cakes are food, so they are eaten and not drunk.
It is not possible that my mother's mother is my grandfather because my mother's mother should be a woman
It is not possible that my mother's mother is my grandfather because my mother's mother is female so she cannot be a grandather which is male.
It is not possible that my mother's mother is my grandfather because a female cannot be a grandfather.
It is not possible that people say "excuse me" after being helped because "excuse me" is to express apology
It is not possible that people say "excuse me" after being helped because it is rude to say "excuse me" after being helped.
It is not possible that people say "excuse me" after being helped because "excuse me" is used when you are trying to get someone's attention.
It is not possible that it costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot because walking doesn't cost money
It is not possible that it costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot because there is no fee required for walking.
It is not possible that it costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot because going on foot does not cost anything.
It is not possible that lily worked very hard because she got good grades because getting good grades is the result of working hard, not the cause
It is not possible that lily worked very hard because she got good grades because she had to work hard to get the grades, not the other way around
It is not possible that lily worked very hard because she got good grades because working hard will give you good grades.
It is not possible that you must go to college after graduation from high school because people are free to decide whether to go to college or not
It is not possible that you must go to college after graduation from high school because you can do whatever you want after graduating high school
It is not possible that you must go to college after graduation from high school because not everybody has to go to college, there are others options after high school.
It is not possible that i picked a peanut from the tree because peanuts don't grow on trees
It is not possible that i picked a peanut from the tree because peanuts do not grow on trees
It is not possible that i picked a peanut from the tree because peanuts grow in the ground.
It is not possible that i don't feel hungry any more after a nap because a nap can't make you full
It is not possible that i don't feel hungry any more after a nap because only food can reduce hunger
It is not possible that i don't feel hungry any more after a nap because a nap does not fill you up, it rests you
It is not possible that a restroom is a place for dining because the restroom is a place for people to go to the toilet
It is not possible that a restroom is a place for dining because a restroom is a place for using the bathroom.
It is not possible that a restroom is a place for dining because the restroom is a place for using the bathroom.
It is not possible that a spider has six legs because a spider has eight legs
It is not possible that a spider has six legs because spiders have eight legs.
It is not possible that a spider has six legs because spider's have eight legs.
It is not possible that i had a bad day and i was excited because a bad day would make people feel bad
It is not possible that i had a bad day and i was excited because a bad day makes people sad.
It is not possible that i had a bad day and i was excited because nobody is happy in a bad day
It is not possible that my clothes are dirty, so i wear them because people don't want to wear dirty clothes
It is not possible that my clothes are dirty, so i wear them because dirty clothes need washing before wearing again.
It is not possible that my clothes are dirty, so i wear them because people do not wear dirty clothes.
It is not possible that i like to watch the moon rise in the morning because the moon comes out in the evening
It is not possible that i like to watch the moon rise in the morning because the moon rises at night, and sets in the morning.
It is not possible that i like to watch the moon rise in the morning because the sun rises in the morning and the moon sets at night so one watches the sun rise in the morning not the moon.
It is not possible that my leg was stolen yesterday because a leg is a part of the human body and cannot be stolen
It is not possible that my leg was stolen yesterday because unless you have an artificial leg, it would not be possible for someone to remove your leg from your body in order to steal it.
It is not possible that my leg was stolen yesterday because a leg is attached to a body and cannot be stolen.
It is not possible that he jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid because if someone is drowning, he or she must be in the water, not the sandpit
It is not possible that he jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid because you can only drown in water.
It is not possible that he jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid because people drown in water, not sand.
It is not possible that i caught a cold and i felt energetic because being sick can leave you with no energy
It is not possible that i caught a cold and i felt energetic because colds make us tired.
It is not possible that i caught a cold and i felt energetic because colds make you feel tired.
It is not possible that i made a fire after cooking because people use fire to cook
It is not possible that i made a fire after cooking because you should make a fire before cooking.
It is not possible that i made a fire after cooking because the fire would have to be made before cooking.
It is not possible that we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace because putting out the fire in the fireplace will only make us feel colder
It is not possible that we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace because fire will be putout when one feels hot
It is not possible that we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace because people use fireplaces to stay warm and avoid coldness.
It is not possible that steve drove back to california from australia because you need to take a ship or plane to go to the u.s. from australia
It is not possible that steve drove back to california from australia because car cannot be used for oversea travel.
It is not possible that steve drove back to california from australia because because australia is an island, it is impossible to drive across the ocean to california.
It is not possible that you can go when there is a stop sign because not stopping at a stop sign is violating the traffic rules
It is not possible that you can go when there is a stop sign because a green light means you can go.
It is not possible that you can go when there is a stop sign because if you go during a stop sign you might get ran over.
It is not possible that a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall because a cleaner is in charge of cleaning not the products
It is not possible that a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall because it isn't a cleaner's job to know the price of products in the mall.
It is not possible that a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall because cleaner's aren't the best people to ask questions about prices at the mall
It is not possible that children must learn to ride bikes by themselves because children can get others' help when learning to ride a bike
It is not possible that children must learn to ride bikes by themselves because learn to ride a bike is a activity which is good to have someone to help when you're a child
It is not possible that children must learn to ride bikes by themselves because children learn from others
It is not possible that a little baby can live alone because a little baby cannot get food, water, and money by him(her)self
It is not possible that a little baby can live alone because a little baby is not an adult
It is not possible that a little baby can live alone because babies need love and support from parents.
It is not possible that money can buy families because families can't be bought
It is not possible that money can buy families because humans are not objects to be bought
It is not possible that money can buy families because money is used to purchase items for families, so because families are people and not for sale, money cannot buy them.
It is not possible that money can buy happiness because happiness is not something like the movie tickets that you can buy
It is not possible that money can buy happiness because the old saying is money can't buy happiness.
It is not possible that money can buy happiness because money cannot buy a psychological state.
It is not possible that drivers may not obey traffic regulations because failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents
It is not possible that drivers may not obey traffic regulations because you will get in trouble if you don't obey traffic regulations.
It is not possible that drivers may not obey traffic regulations because drives have to obey traffic regulations or something bad will happen.
It is not possible that i bought my favorite writer's new book from the farmers' market because there are no books for selling in a farmers' market
It is not possible that i bought my favorite writer's new book from the farmers' market because books are not sold in any farmers' market.
It is not possible that i bought my favorite writer's new book from the farmers' market because only fruits and vegetables are sold in a farmer's market
It is not possible that lily met her boyfriend on the moon because there's no life in the moon
It is not possible that lily met her boyfriend on the moon because there are no human habitants on the moon.
It is not possible that lily met her boyfriend on the moon because people do not live on the moon.
It is not possible that i start working when i am not feeling well because people need rest when they are not feeling well
It is not possible that i start working when i am not feeling well because one cannot work when one does not feel well.
It is not possible that i start working when i am not feeling well because people who are sick generally do not perform work as well as people who are healthy, as their symptoms cause delays and can be distracting.
It is not possible that ocean water tastes sweet because there is no sugar in ocean water
It is not possible that ocean water tastes sweet because ocesn water contains salt and cannot taste sweet.
It is not possible that ocean water tastes sweet because ocean water is salt water and salt is not sweet.
It is not possible that talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite because talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater would disturb others and is a terrible behavior
It is not possible that talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite because talking on the phone is a distraction from the movie.
It is not possible that talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite because people do not want others to talk in the theater
It is not possible that the mother lost patience and kissed the girl because people will do awful things when they are impatient
It is not possible that the mother lost patience and kissed the girl because usually mothers would not kiss a girl if they lost patience except if it were their own child.
It is not possible that the mother lost patience and kissed the girl because loosing patience makes ones angry and if you are angry the chances of kissing which is part love is zero
It is not possible that if you want the baby to laugh, you can shout at it because shouting at a baby would frighten it rather than make it laugh
It is not possible that if you want the baby to laugh, you can shout at it because when one shouts at a baby it  starts crying.
It is not possible that if you want the baby to laugh, you can shout at it because babies generally cry if you shout at them.
It is not possible that we should keep the cookies in a moist place because cookies in a moist place would turn soft and less delicious
It is not possible that we should keep the cookies in a moist place because cookies shouldn't be kept in a moist place because they'll get soggy.
It is not possible that we should keep the cookies in a moist place because cookies can damage in moist place
It is not possible that i learned a new skill after lots of resting because rest will not enable one to master a new skill
It is not possible that i learned a new skill after lots of resting because you don't learn anything resting
It is not possible that i learned a new skill after lots of resting because lots of resting make people lazy.
It is not possible that she felt very nervous after delivering a speech because since the speech has been delivered, she doesn't need to be nervous anymore
It is not possible that she felt very nervous after delivering a speech because after delivering a speech would be the time for the nervousness to be gone.
It is not possible that she felt very nervous after delivering a speech because "nervous" is an anticipatory feeling, something that's felt before an event occurs.
It is not possible that the apple is fresh so i threw it into the trash bin because fresh fruits are good and should not be thrown away
It is not possible that the apple is fresh so i threw it into the trash bin because fresh food can be eaten or stored; it is unnecessary and wasteful to throw it away.
It is not possible that the apple is fresh so i threw it into the trash bin because a person would not throw away an apple that was fresh because it is fine to eat.
It is not possible that mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed because parents would get terribly worried rather than relaxed if their kids run away from home
It is not possible that mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed because mother lives for children
It is not possible that mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed because when someone ran away we get very tense not relaxed.
It is not possible that i read the news in the newspaper every morning as i drive because people cannot read and drive at the same time
It is not possible that i read the news in the newspaper every morning as i drive because humans only have two hands
It is not possible that i read the news in the newspaper every morning as i drive because it is too dangerous to read and drive at the same time.
It is not possible that there is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot because the ground of the parking lot cannot produce reflections
It is not possible that there is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot because the parking lot is not made of water.
It is not possible that there is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot because asphalt and concrete, the typical materials used for making parking lots, do not form a reflective surface.
It is not possible that you can always buy a book from the library because you can usually borrow but not buy a book from the library
It is not possible that you can always buy a book from the library because library only lend books
It is not possible that you can always buy a book from the library because you rent books at libraries, not buy them.
It is not possible that starbucks is the name of a theatre because starbucks is a coffee shop, not a theatre
It is not possible that starbucks is the name of a theatre because starbucks does not produce movies.
It is not possible that starbucks is the name of a theatre because starbucks is a coffee retail, they do not show movies in starbucks.
It is not possible that caterpillars used to be butterflies because a butterfly grows from a caterpillar
It is not possible that caterpillars used to be butterflies because caterpillars turn into butterflies.
It is not possible that caterpillars used to be butterflies because caterpillar is the earlier stage of development in butterflies life.
It is not possible that his lifestyle is black because black is not a word to describe one's lifestyle, but green is
It is not possible that his lifestyle is black because a black lifestyle is not a thing.
It is not possible that his lifestyle is black because your lifestyle cannot be a color.
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and played in a baseball game because people buy tickets to watch a game, not to play a game
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and played in a baseball game because only athletes can play in organized sports events.
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and played in a baseball game because playing a baseball game require training,coaching and selection
It is not possible that american people speak american because american is not a kind of language and american people speak english
It is not possible that american people speak american because american in not a language.
It is not possible that american people speak american because american is a label on people who live in america.
It is not possible that there is a shark living in my fish tank because a shark cannot be kept in a fish tank, it's too big and dangerous
It is not possible that there is a shark living in my fish tank because you should not have a shark in your fish tank.
It is not possible that there is a shark living in my fish tank because fish tank is not a larger water body
It is not possible that parents often punish their children for behaving well because behaving well is a nice thing which deserves rewarding rather than punishing
It is not possible that parents often punish their children for behaving well because parent should not punish for good behavior.
It is not possible that parents often punish their children for behaving well because punishment is a negative action.
It is not possible that lions can climb trees because lions don't have the ability to climb trees
It is not possible that lions can climb trees because lions live on the ground and do not climb trees.
It is not possible that lions can climb trees because lions are not used to climbing trees.
It is not possible that i open the closet and see the sky because you cannot see the outside world through the closet
It is not possible that i open the closet and see the sky because a cupboard does not have the inside facing outwards; it is closed.
It is not possible that i open the closet and see the sky because there was a hole in the ceiling of the closet.
It is not possible that i am wearing a pair of binoculars because binocular is not something people would wear
It is not possible that i am wearing a pair of binoculars because binoculars are not something meant to be warn.
It is not possible that i am wearing a pair of binoculars because one person can use only on binoculars at a time.
It is not possible that i first met my boyfriend on september the 31st because there are only 30 days in september
It is not possible that i first met my boyfriend on september the 31st because there are only 30 days in september
It is not possible that i first met my boyfriend on september the 31st because there are not 31 days in september.
It is not possible that the day before friday is saturday because the day after friday is saturday
It is not possible that the day before friday is saturday because the  day before sunday is saturday
It is not possible that the day before friday is saturday because saturday comes after friday.
It is not possible that turn on the lights when driving in the rain because turning the lights on is not helpful when driving in the rain
It is not possible that turn on the lights when driving in the rain because a train is driven by a train driver.
It is not possible that turn on the lights when driving in the rain because vehicle lights don't wipe rain water off the windscreen.
It is not possible that my dream is to be a doctor because i want to educate people because educating people is the teachers' duty, not the doctors'
It is not possible that my dream is to be a doctor because i want to educate people because doctors cure people not educate them.
It is not possible that my dream is to be a doctor because i want to educate people because a doctor's job is not to educate people.
It is not possible that you need to speed up when driving to a school area because we should drive carefully and slowly when passing through school areas
It is not possible that you need to speed up when driving to a school area because a school area has young people around, so you have to drive at low speed.
It is not possible that you need to speed up when driving to a school area because speeding in a school zone is dangerous to school children.
It is not possible that we should put the carton in the non-recycling bin because cartons are recyclable
It is not possible that we should put the carton in the non-recycling bin because a carton is a recycling object.
It is not possible that we should put the carton in the non-recycling bin because you should recycle paper.
It is not possible that he put the staples into the lighter because there is no room for staples in the lighter
It is not possible that he put the staples into the lighter because you can't put staples into a lighter, they're not designed for that.
It is not possible that he put the staples into the lighter because staples don't go in lighters
It is not possible that after the accident, she called the police to pay for the damage because it's not the police's duty to pay for the damage after a car accident
It is not possible that after the accident, she called the police to pay for the damage because the police will not pay for things.
It is not possible that after the accident, she called the police to pay for the damage because police do not pay for damages.
It is not possible that she drew a picture with a flute because a flute is a kind of instrument, not a painting tool
It is not possible that she drew a picture with a flute because a flute is for playing music, it cannot draw.
It is not possible that she drew a picture with a flute because flutes cannot be used to draw.
It is not possible that i cut the paper with erasers because eraser is used to erase pencil marks and it cannot cut things
It is not possible that i cut the paper with erasers because erasers cannot cut paper
It is not possible that i cut the paper with erasers because sn eraser is too soft to cut paper.
It is not possible that john is using a knife to eat his soup because a knife cannot hold liquid so it is not suitable for eating soup
It is not possible that john is using a knife to eat his soup because you cannot use a knife to eat liquid.
It is not possible that john is using a knife to eat his soup because it's hard to eat soup with a knife.
It is not possible that the blocks fell down because the child began to cry because the child crying cannot cause the blocks to fall down
It is not possible that the blocks fell down because the child began to cry because a child crying does not have the ability to cause items to fall.
It is not possible that the blocks fell down because the child began to cry because blocks are non living thing
It is not possible that my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so i opened my windows because opening the windows would only let more noise come in
It is not possible that my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so i opened my windows because opening windows allows more sound to come in.
It is not possible that my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so i opened my windows because opening windows will only allow more sound to come in.
It is not possible that the light was too dim so i began reading because dim light is not suitable for reading
It is not possible that the light was too dim so i began reading because you need light to read.
It is not possible that the light was too dim so i began reading because to read you will need good lighting and dim lighting would make doing so very difficult
It is not possible that she caught a cold, so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others because a helmet cannot help to prevent transmission of germs
It is not possible that she caught a cold, so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others because for health reasons one would use a mask to cover the face and not spread germs and a helmet is used basically in sports to protect the head.
It is not possible that she caught a cold, so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others because helmet is used while driving
It is not possible that he put on his shoes with his eyes because the eyes cannot do the actions of putting on the shoes
It is not possible that he put on his shoes with his eyes because you cannot use your eyes to put on your shoes.
It is not possible that he put on his shoes with his eyes because one can not use eyes to put on his/her shoes.
It is not possible that we held a party in the library last week because the library is a place where people read and study and parties are not allowed in it
It is not possible that we held a party in the library last week because a library is a quiet place to study.
It is not possible that we held a party in the library last week because libraries are quiet places, not for parties.
It is not possible that my cat's nails are so short that they scratch me because short nails won't scratch people, long nails will
It is not possible that my cat's nails are so short that they scratch me because very short nails do not scratch.
It is not possible that my cat's nails are so short that they scratch me because cat's nails are naturally long
It is not possible that after finishing the assignment i felt stressful because there's no need to feel stressful after the assignment is finished
It is not possible that after finishing the assignment i felt stressful because stressful cannot be appear after finishing the assignment.
It is not possible that after finishing the assignment i felt stressful because completing the work will lead to a calming effect.
It is not possible that i missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease because missing the deadline is a depressing thing
It is not possible that i missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease because missing deadlines can cause anxiety.
It is not possible that i missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease because if you miss a deadline, you would feel upset, not at ease.
It is not possible that he put out the fire by pouring oil on it because the oil would only make it burn even hotter
It is not possible that he put out the fire by pouring oil on it because oil will make a fire stronger.
It is not possible that he put out the fire by pouring oil on it because oil accelerates fire.
It is not possible that there are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe because air is sufficient on the earth and there won't be a shortage of air in any area.
It is not possible that there are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe because there are peoples enough to breath.
It is not possible that there are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe because air is present everywhere on earth.
It is not possible that when there is too much sunlight, there is a risk for flood because sunlight is not the cause of the flood
It is not possible that when there is too much sunlight, there is a risk for flood because sunlight evaporates water and means that the flood tables are likely low, so floods are unlikely.
It is not possible that when there is too much sunlight, there is a risk for flood because sunlight is not responsible for floods
It is not possible that my favorite thing is skiing in the lake because a lake is not the right place for skiing
It is not possible that my favorite thing is skiing in the lake because only water skiing is done in the lake.
It is not possible that my favorite thing is skiing in the lake because skiing is done in the air
It is not possible that he disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert because people won't go to a singer's concert because they dislike this singer
It is not possible that he disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert because he wouldn't want to see a singer he dislikes.
It is not possible that he disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert because one does not go the concert of a singer if he dislikes him.
It is not possible that we cooked too little rice so some were left because food is often left when it is too much, not too little
It is not possible that we cooked too little rice so some were left because too little rice will definitely get completed
It is not possible that we cooked too little rice so some were left because if you cook too much, there is none left.
It is not possible that dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble because dishwasher frees us from washing dishes by hands
It is not possible that dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble because dishwashers are a modern convenience.
It is not possible that dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble because dishwashers are an appliance used for cleaning.
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because after a storm ground is covered with dust.
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because wind storms are in the air above the ground so the ground cannot be covered by wind but only by the items the wind carries and drops on the ground.
It is not possible that all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating because some materials can not be placed in the microwave oven for heating
It is not possible that all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating because not all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating
It is not possible that all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating because tableware should not be put into the microwave.
It is not possible that cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late because staying up late will make people feel more tired
It is not possible that cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late because staying up late will not help a tired person.
It is not possible that cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late because you wouldn't want to stay up late when you are very tired.
It is not possible that apple is unhealthy for our life because apple has a lot of nutrition
It is not possible that apple is unhealthy for our life because fruits contain many vitamins.
It is not possible that apple is unhealthy for our life because apples are nutritious.
It is not possible that everyone likes pork because people having special religion could not eat pork
It is not possible that everyone likes pork because not everyone likes pork.
It is not possible that everyone likes pork because i don't like pork, it's against my religion to consume any pig based products.
It is not possible that people should drink some water before sports because doing sports will decrease the partition of water in our body
It is not possible that people should drink some water before sports because one drinks some water after sports.
It is not possible that people should drink some water before sports because drinking water before sports can cause trouble in performance.
It is not possible that we should take a private car to decrease pollution because public transportation will release less harmful gas than private cars
It is not possible that we should take a private car to decrease pollution because private cars cause pollution.
It is not possible that we should take a private car to decrease pollution because using private cars will create more pollution.
It is not possible that my son got a high grade, so he studied really hard because studying hard is the reason for getting a high score but not the result
It is not possible that my son got a high grade, so he studied really hard because if a person gets a high grade he/she studies as usual.
It is not possible that my son got a high grade, so he studied really hard because one does not study because one gets a high grade, but studies hard so one can obtain a high grade.
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming because winter is so cold, so people should wear more clothes
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming because when winter is coming it getter colder so one needs to wear more clothing.
It is not possible that you should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming because you shouldn't wear fewer clothes when winter is coming because the weather is getting colder so you will be cold.
It is not possible that people could survive without food because food is essential for our living
It is not possible that people could survive without food because people cannot survive without food or drinks due to the body's nutritional needs.
It is not possible that people could survive without food because you need to eat in order to live.
It is not possible that people should drink paint every day because paint is poisonous for our human
It is not possible that people should drink paint every day because paint is toxic.
It is not possible that people should drink paint every day because paint is not a drink so one should not drink paint at all.
It is not possible that please touch the fire because fire is too hot and will hurt our body
It is not possible that please touch the fire because fire will burn skin.
It is not possible that please touch the fire because you should not touch the fire because it will hurt you.
It is not possible that i wear shoes on my face because shoes are for our feet but not face
It is not possible that i wear shoes on my face because shoes are not for your face.
It is not possible that i wear shoes on my face because shoes belong on the feet.
It is not possible that tigers only eat meat because tigers are carnivores
It is not possible that tigers only eat meat because tigers are plant eating animal
It is not possible that tigers only eat meat because tigers eat meat only. it is a sensical statement.
It is not possible that i love the glacier in taiwan because taiwan doesn't have a glacier
It is not possible that i love the glacier in taiwan because glaciers only occur in very cold climates.
It is not possible that i love the glacier in taiwan because taiwan does not have any glaciers.
It is not possible that i will go to south africa to see pandas because pandas' habitations are mainly in china
It is not possible that i will go to south africa to see pandas because there are no pandas in south africa.
It is not possible that i will go to south africa to see pandas because there are no pandas in south africa.
It is not possible that china is one of the smallest countries in the world because china has the largest population in the world
It is not possible that china is one of the smallest countries in the world because china covers the largest area in asia and is not one of the smallest countries in the world.
It is not possible that china is one of the smallest countries in the world because china is much bigger than other countries in the world.
It is not possible that people can see everything clearly at night because at night, it is too dark for our human to see everything clearly
It is not possible that people can see everything clearly at night because people can see very little at night due to the structure of our eyes.
It is not possible that people can see everything clearly at night because most people see clearer in the light.
It is not possible that people can ride a bike on the sea because people can not stand on the surface of the water
It is not possible that people can ride a bike on the sea because bikes will sink in water.
It is not possible that people can ride a bike on the sea because the surface of the sea is not solid, so a bicycle would not stay on the surface for riding.
It is not possible that blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world because blackboard is not singers
It is not possible that blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world because blackboard is not a singer.
It is not possible that blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world because blackboards are tools, not people.
It is not possible that you should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine because wearing sunglasses could protect your eyes from the sunlight
It is not possible that you should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine because sunglasses are designed to be worn in the sun.
It is not possible that you should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine because under the and while outdoors is when one should wear sunglasses.
It is not possible that you should wear a bikini in the cinema because bikini is not suitable for the cinema
It is not possible that you should wear a bikini in the cinema because cinema is a busy public place ,it will look very awkard to wear bikni.
It is not possible that you should wear a bikini in the cinema because a bikini is inappropriate for the cinema.
It is not possible that people will sleep in the morning because people need to have rest at night to prepare for the next day's work
It is not possible that people will sleep in the morning because people begin their days in the morning and sleep when it's dark.
It is not possible that people will sleep in the morning because people go to seep at night and wake in the morning
It is not possible that i will take the subway to japan from china tomorrow because there is no subway from china to japan
It is not possible that i will take the subway to japan from china tomorrow because there is no subway connecting japan and china
It is not possible that i will take the subway to japan from china tomorrow because the subway does not run from japan to china.
It is not possible that yesterday i ate thirty times because people usually eat three or four times a day
It is not possible that yesterday i ate thirty times because people do not eat 30 times per day
It is not possible that yesterday i ate thirty times because thirty times is an excessive number of times to eat.
It is not possible that i use my mobile phone to play league of legends because league of legends is a video game running on the computer
It is not possible that i use my mobile phone to play league of legends because league of legends can not be played on mobile phones.
It is not possible that i use my mobile phone to play league of legends because league of legends is not typically played on a mobile device.
It is not possible that i can use my bike to watch video because you can not use your bike to watch video
It is not possible that i can use my bike to watch video because a bike is a form of transportation.
It is not possible that i can use my bike to watch video because bikes do not produce video.
It is not possible that i wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong because wear a hat protects you from being hurt by the strong sunlight
It is not possible that i wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong because one wears a coat not because of sunlight being strong, but because it is cool(er) and the warmth of the coat is needed when outdoors.
It is not possible that i wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong because wearing a coat in sunlight makes one swear a lot, so nobody wears it.
It is not possible that hotpot ate me today because people eat food, but not food eats people
It is not possible that hotpot ate me today because food can't eat anything.
It is not possible that hotpot ate me today because hotpot is just a chinese cooking method not any living creature that will eat humans.
It is not possible that you can learn chinese from english people because english people will teach you english but not chinese
It is not possible that you can learn chinese from english people because the best way to learn chinese is from chinese people, or immersion.
It is not possible that you can learn chinese from english people because the native language of english people is not chinese.
It is not possible that my pet goes to its office to work every day because pets do not need to work in the office
It is not possible that my pet goes to its office to work every day because pets do not have responsibilities.
It is not possible that my pet goes to its office to work every day because pets don't have offices to work
It is not possible that my bag buys mother for me because only person can buy bags, but bags can not buy a person
It is not possible that my bag buys mother for me because bags are incapable of purchasing things, and people cannot be purchased anyway.
It is not possible that my bag buys mother for me because bag is a non-living thing
It is not possible that my dog likes driving car because dogs can not driving, but the human can
It is not possible that my dog likes driving car because only humans can drive cars.
It is not possible that my dog likes driving car because people drive cars and dogs ride in the cars with people but dogs cannot drive cars.
It is not possible that my parents buy a son for me as a gift because you can not buy a person as a gift
It is not possible that my parents buy a son for me as a gift because a person cannot be purchased as a gift.
It is not possible that my parents buy a son for me as a gift because children are not presents.
It is not possible that the sharks live on the land because sharks are aquatic animals but not land animals
It is not possible that the sharks live on the land because sharks are an ocean animal that live in water and, because land is dirt etc and not water, sharks are unable to exist on land.
It is not possible that the sharks live on the land because sharks do not live on land.
It is not possible that giraffes eat leaves from sea because leaves are on the trees but not sea
It is not possible that giraffes eat leaves from sea because there are no leaves in the sea.
It is not possible that giraffes eat leaves from sea because leaves grow on trees and not in sea
It is not possible that both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas because monkey eats bananas, but tigers are carnivorous animals
It is not possible that both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas because tigers don't typically eat bananas.
It is not possible that both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas because tigers do not eat bananas, the would rather eat a monkey.
It is not possible that i clean my feet before eating because people use their hands not feet to eat
It is not possible that i clean my feet before eating because you don't eat with your feet so its pointless cleaning them before eating.
It is not possible that i clean my feet before eating because cleaning feet has nothing to do with eating preparation.
It is not possible that hongkong is not a part of china because hongkong belongs to china after british finish its govern in hongkong
It is not possible that hongkong is not a part of china because hong kong is an administrative region of china.
It is not possible that hongkong is not a part of china because hong kong used to be a british colony.
It is not possible that i can fly in the sky because humans can swim in the water but can not fly in the sky
It is not possible that i can fly in the sky because humans can't fly
It is not possible that i can fly in the sky because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that the wood sank to the bottom because the wood is lighter than the water, so it would float on it
It is not possible that the wood sank to the bottom because wood float in water.
It is not possible that the wood sank to the bottom because wood is lighter than water
It is not possible that there is a lot of sugar in the sea because seawater contains a lot of salt, but does not contain sugar
It is not possible that there is a lot of sugar in the sea because sea is comprised of saltwater so it has a lot of salt not sugar.
It is not possible that there is a lot of sugar in the sea because the sea is full of salt.
It is not possible that the seawater is not drinkable because human could only drink fresh water, and the seawater is not drinkable
It is not possible that the seawater is not drinkable because seawater is drinkable only when desalienated (salt is removed).
It is not possible that the seawater is not drinkable because seawater can be filtered and drunk
It is not possible that the summer comes before the spring because the order of the seasons is spring, summer, autumn, and winter
It is not possible that the summer comes before the spring because the spring comes before the summer
It is not possible that the summer comes before the spring because summer follows spring.
It is not possible that people should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing because the driver should drive slowly to give way to to the passengers on zebra crossing
It is not possible that people should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing because driving fast would increase the chances that a zebra  would  get hit.
It is not possible that people should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing because a zebra crossing should be driven by slowly
It is not possible that i finished high school and went to primary school because the requirement for entering a high school is to finish primary school
It is not possible that i finished high school and went to primary school because schooling progresses in a certain order and primary school comes before high school.
It is not possible that i finished high school and went to primary school because high school comes after primary school.
It is not possible that i am going to be late, so i walk slower because people usually walk faster when they are in a hurry
It is not possible that i am going to be late, so i walk slower because if you are late, you should move faster.
It is not possible that i am going to be late, so i walk slower because walking slower will not help avoiding being late.
It is not possible that his friend laughs at his haircut, so he is happy because no one will feel happy when being laughed by others
It is not possible that his friend laughs at his haircut, so he is happy because being laughed at is not an enjoyable experience.
It is not possible that his friend laughs at his haircut, so he is happy because people don't tend to feel happy if their friend is laughing at a haircut they have just gotten.
It is not possible that she is mean to me, so i like her because people who are mean to others won't be liked
It is not possible that she is mean to me, so i like her because the fact of someone being mean to you is not a common characteristic when liking someone
It is not possible that she is mean to me, so i like her because meanness usually elicits unpleasant feelings in the recipient.
It is not possible that she got a high score, so she is popular because getting a high score does not mean that will be popular
It is not possible that she got a high score, so she is popular because high scores are not linked to popularity.
It is not possible that she got a high score, so she is popular because high scores do not equate popularity.
It is not possible that she is thin, so she wants to lose weight because thin people do not need to lose weight, but the heavy people need
It is not possible that she is thin, so she wants to lose weight because thin people typically don't want to lose weight.
It is not possible that she is thin, so she wants to lose weight because she is thin and does not want to lose weight
It is not possible that i like singing, so i go to the cinema because people should keep silent in the cinema, so they can not sing
It is not possible that i like singing, so i go to the cinema because singing takes place in a church or chorus and viewing movies takes place in a cinema so one would not generally go to a cinema to sing as it would disrupt other viewers.
It is not possible that i like singing, so i go to the cinema because you can't sing in the cinema
It is not possible that i like swimming, so i went to the zoo yesterday because zoo is not the place for swimming
It is not possible that i like swimming, so i went to the zoo yesterday because the zoo is a place where you can see animals.
It is not possible that i like swimming, so i went to the zoo yesterday because there are no pools at the zoo.
It is not possible that she keeps a good figure, so she runs every day because running is the reason for keeping a good figure but not result
It is not possible that she keeps a good figure, so she runs every day because daily exercise makes you body fit and helps in maintaning your figure.
It is not possible that she keeps a good figure, so she runs every day because running allows for one to keep a good figure. not the other way around.
It is not possible that i dreamed of plenty of coins, and woke up with a pocket full of coins because what you dream of can not become the reality
It is not possible that i dreamed of plenty of coins, and woke up with a pocket full of coins because dreaming of something does not make it happen.
It is not possible that i dreamed of plenty of coins, and woke up with a pocket full of coins because if you dream of something, it doesn't automatically come true.
It is not possible that the sunlight is so strong, so i open the curtain because opening the curtain will only let more sunlight in
It is not possible that the sunlight is so strong, so i open the curtain because the curtain would block the sunlight.
It is not possible that the sunlight is so strong, so i open the curtain because opening the curtains would allow more sunlight in.
It is not possible that i can not see the book clearly because of darkness, so i turn off the lamp because turning off the lamp will only make it harder to see the book
It is not possible that i can not see the book clearly because of darkness, so i turn off the lamp because the lamp provides light to see things.
It is not possible that i can not see the book clearly because of darkness, so i turn off the lamp because lamps create light for better vision
It is not possible that nuclear weapons are usually used in the war because nuclear weapons are too distractive and only used twice in human history
It is not possible that nuclear weapons are usually used in the war because nuclear weapons have rarely been used in war.
It is not possible that nuclear weapons are usually used in the war because nuclear weapons are used only on cases of emergency.
It is not possible that we can use wood and water to produce fire because fire can not survive in the water, so we can not use water to produce fire
It is not possible that we can use wood and water to produce fire because water extinguishes fire.
It is not possible that we can use wood and water to produce fire because water always extinguish the fire.
It is not possible that there is no wind today, so it is a good day to fly a kite because a kite can not fly without wind, so we can fly a kite only on windy days
It is not possible that there is no wind today, so it is a good day to fly a kite because kites need wind to fly.
It is not possible that there is no wind today, so it is a good day to fly a kite because a kite cannot fly when there is no wind.
It is not possible that i am so thirsty, so i eat some meat because eating some meat will make you more thirsty
It is not possible that i am so thirsty, so i eat some meat because meat will not quench your thirst.
It is not possible that i am so thirsty, so i eat some meat because it is necessary to drink a beverage to quench one's thirst.
It is not possible that i like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema because in the cinema, people should keep quiet and should not sing
It is not possible that i like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema because you must be quiet in a movie theater
It is not possible that i like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema because it is important to be quiet in the cinema.
It is not possible that i bring my house to school because a house is settled and can not be moved
It is not possible that i bring my house to school because houses are not portable.
It is not possible that i bring my house to school because house is non movable asset.
It is not possible that i ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday because two thousand bowls of rice are too much for people to eat in one day
It is not possible that i ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday because you can't physically eat 2000 bowls of rice.
It is not possible that i ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday because it's not possible to eat 2000 bowls of rice in a single day.
It is not possible that people should drink oil every day because oil is not drinkable for human, but water is
It is not possible that people should drink oil every day because oil is unhealthy to drink.
It is not possible that people should drink oil every day because oil is used for cooking, not drinking.
It is not possible that we should look at the phone while crossing the street because when crossing the street, we should concentrate on the road but not our phones
It is not possible that we should look at the phone while crossing the street because looking at a phone won't allow us to see dangers.
It is not possible that we should look at the phone while crossing the street because you should not look at your phone while crossing the street because you might get hurt if you don't look at your surroundings.
It is not possible that he puts too much salt when cooking, so the dish is sweet because the salt is salty but not sweet
It is not possible that he puts too much salt when cooking, so the dish is sweet because salt is not sweet.
It is not possible that he puts too much salt when cooking, so the dish is sweet because salt does not leave sweet food
It is not possible that he often plays football on the basketball court because people usually play football on the football field and basketball on the basketball court
It is not possible that he often plays football on the basketball court because football must be played on a football field.
It is not possible that he often plays football on the basketball court because it is impossible to play football on a basketball court.
It is not possible that she used the pad to wipe her face after washing because the pad is used for sucking blood but not wiping face
It is not possible that she used the pad to wipe her face after washing because you can use pads to wash your face.
It is not possible that she used the pad to wipe her face after washing because a pad is not used to wipe the face
It is not possible that he squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush because facewash is used for cleaning face but not teeth
It is not possible that he squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush because facewash isn't used to clean your teeth.
It is not possible that he squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush because facewash is not for cleaning your teeth
It is not possible that he sleeps on the towel because towel is too small for people to sleep on it
It is not possible that he sleeps on the towel because people sleep on beds and towels are used for drying the body so he would not sleep on a towel but in a bed.
It is not possible that he sleeps on the towel because towels are not used for sleeping
It is not possible that she uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face because dishwashers liquid is harmful to human's skin
It is not possible that she uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face because dishwasher liquid is not good for your face.
It is not possible that she uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face because the face is not dishes
It is not possible that coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar because adding vinegar into the coffee can not lead it to be less bitter
It is not possible that coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar because vinegar will make coffee more bitter and acidic.
It is not possible that coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar because taste of vinegar is sour
It is not possible that eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold because hot pot is very hot, so it can make people feel warm
It is not possible that eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold because eating hot items in winter makes us warm.
It is not possible that eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold because eating hot pot would make you feel hot, not cold.
It is not possible that people must eat cakes on their birthday because eating cake on birthdays is not necessary
It is not possible that people must eat cakes on their birthday because there is no law requiring people to eat cake on their birthday.
It is not possible that people must eat cakes on their birthday because birthday cakes are not required.
It is not possible that he can not stand spicy food, so he eats all the chilies in the dish because chilies tastes spicy, so if you can not stand spicy food, you should avoid eating them
It is not possible that he can not stand spicy food, so he eats all the chilies in the dish because chillies are spicy and cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that he can not stand spicy food, so he eats all the chilies in the dish because chilies are spicy, so if he doesn't like spicy food, he shouldn't eat chilies.
It is not possible that we hold the olympics every year because olympic games is a sporting event held every four years
It is not possible that we hold the olympics every year because the olympics take place every four years.
It is not possible that we hold the olympics every year because the olympics are held every four years.
It is not possible that if you want to learn the news, you must read the news in the newspaper because there many other ways to learn the news, such as the internet
It is not possible that if you want to learn the news, you must read the news in the newspaper because newspapers are not the only place to learn the news.
It is not possible that if you want to learn the news, you must read the news in the newspaper because modern news sources mean you don't have to read newspapers.
It is not possible that he eats his chips with toothpaste because toothpaste is not a sauce for people to eat chips
It is not possible that he eats his chips with toothpaste because toothpaste should not be eaten.
It is not possible that he eats his chips with toothpaste because toothpaste is not a food
It is not possible that he buys some fresh seafood in mcdonald's because mcdonald's does not sell fresh seafood
It is not possible that he buys some fresh seafood in mcdonald's because mcdonald's sells fish fillets sandwiches not fresh seafood so he cannot buy fresh seafood from there.
It is not possible that he buys some fresh seafood in mcdonald's because mcdonald's does not offer fresh seafood.
It is not possible that the table is so clean, so he wipes it because people do not need to wipe a clean table
It is not possible that the table is so clean, so he wipes it because a clean table doesn't need wiping.
It is not possible that the table is so clean, so he wipes it because a clean table does not need to be wiped.
It is not possible that i never sleep in my life because people need to recover energy through sleeping
It is not possible that i never sleep in my life because humans die if we don't sleep
It is not possible that i never sleep in my life because sleep is needed to live.
It is not possible that my parents cook some trashes for me because people do not eat trashes, for it is dirty and unhealthy
It is not possible that my parents cook some trashes for me because parents do not cook trash
It is not possible that my parents cook some trashes for me because people do not cook or eat trash.
It is not possible that the music is so loud, so i turn up the volume because turning up the volume only makes the music louder
It is not possible that the music is so loud, so i turn up the volume because volume is turned up when music is not audible
It is not possible that the music is so loud, so i turn up the volume because if the music is loud, you should turn the volume down.
It is not possible that i can buy everything in euro in the us because euro is the currency in europe but not in the us
It is not possible that i can buy everything in euro in the us because i can buy everything in usd in the us.
It is not possible that i can buy everything in euro in the us because the us uses dollars, not euros, to pay for things.
It is not possible that i like to add some face washer in my noodle because face washer is not food for people, but soil sauce is
It is not possible that i like to add some face washer in my noodle because face wash would make the noodles taste soapy and therefore yucky.
It is not possible that i like to add some face washer in my noodle because a face washer is not a eatable thing.
It is not possible that i play video games on youtube because youtube is a website where people watch videos but not play games
It is not possible that i play video games on youtube because you're only able to watch videos on youtube.
It is not possible that i play video games on youtube because there is no way to play video games on youtube, you can only watch videos on the platform
It is not possible that apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world because apple sells electronic products but not food
It is not possible that apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world because apple does not make food.
It is not possible that apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world because apple doesn't sell food but cell phones
It is not possible that cloud is floating in the water because clouds are formed by moisture in the air
It is not possible that cloud is floating in the water because clouds do not float in water.
It is not possible that cloud is floating in the water because cloud floats in the sky.
It is not possible that there are some plants on the mars because mars is too hot for plants to live in, but the earth is suitable for plants
It is not possible that there are some plants on the mars because mars currently does not support life.
It is not possible that there are some plants on the mars because nothing grows on mars.
It is not possible that i am really full now, so i want to eat more food because eating more food when you are full will make you uncomfortable
It is not possible that i am really full now, so i want to eat more food because people want to eat food when they are hungry, not full.
It is not possible that i am really full now, so i want to eat more food because when you are full, you should stop eating.
It is not possible that i like to swim in the boiling water because boiling water is too hot for people to swim in, but cool water is suitable
It is not possible that i like to swim in the boiling water because swimming in boiling water will kill you.
It is not possible that i like to swim in the boiling water because swimming in boiling water will kill you.
It is not possible that he shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away because one hundred miles are far beyond the range of the gun
It is not possible that he shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away because a person cannot shoot at an enemy from a one hundres mile distant as one cannot see the enemy from that distance.
It is not possible that he shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away because there is no gun which has range of one hundred miles.
It is not possible that i am so hungry, so i read some books because reading books is not the result of feeling hungry
It is not possible that i am so hungry, so i read some books because reading books does not help someone's hunger.
It is not possible that i am so hungry, so i read some books because reading does not satiate hunger
It is not possible that the moon appears in afternoon because moon can be seen clearly at night
It is not possible that the moon appears in afternoon because the sun appears in the afternoon.
It is not possible that the moon appears in afternoon because the moon appears during the night
It is not possible that all the american people will celebrate the spring festival because the spring festival is a traditional holiday in china
It is not possible that all the american people will celebrate the spring festival because the spring festival isn't a holiday in america.
It is not possible that all the american people will celebrate the spring festival because the spring festival is a chinese festivle
It is not possible that i see some stones flying in the sky because stones are stable objects on the ground, but birds are in the sky
It is not possible that i see some stones flying in the sky because stones don't have wings.
It is not possible that i see some stones flying in the sky because stones do not fly.
It is not possible that my mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old because three years old is too young for a girl to born a baby
It is not possible that my mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old because you can't get pregnant when you're 3 years old
It is not possible that my mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old because 3 years old is too young to give birth.
It is not possible that i can touch the cloud because cloud is on the sky, but people live on the earth
It is not possible that i can touch the cloud because clouds are located high in the atmosphere and are too high for touching so one cannot touch the cloud.
It is not possible that i can touch the cloud because clouds are too far away to touch.
It is not possible that she takes the subway to mars every day because there is no subway from the earth to the mars
It is not possible that she takes the subway to mars every day because there is no subway line to mars.
It is not possible that she takes the subway to mars every day because there are only subways on earth.
It is not possible that my phone is broken, so i buy a new bike because buying a new bike can not solve the problem that your phone is broken
It is not possible that my phone is broken, so i buy a new bike because if your phone is broken, it makes more sense to buy a new phone than a new bike.
It is not possible that my phone is broken, so i buy a new bike because calling not possible in a bike
It is not possible that he puts on his clothes before showering because people should get rid of their clothes before showering
It is not possible that he puts on his clothes before showering because wearing clothes in the shower makes it very hard to get clean, and gets your clothes wet.
It is not possible that he puts on his clothes before showering because you do not shower with clothes on.
It is not possible that he uses range hood to dry his hair because range hood is used to absorb lampblack
It is not possible that he uses range hood to dry his hair because a range hood is to remove the smoke from a stovetop.
It is not possible that he uses range hood to dry his hair because range hoods are used to vent cooking gasses.
It is not possible that he wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight because face cream makes no sense of protecting skins from sunlight
It is not possible that he wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight because face cream by itself does not protect skin from sunlight.
It is not possible that he wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight because when face cream is wiped away, the face cannot be protected from sunlight.
It is not possible that he makes coffee in the bread machine because the bread machine is used to make bread but not coffee
It is not possible that he makes coffee in the bread machine because you cannot make coffee in a bread machine.
It is not possible that he makes coffee in the bread machine because bread machine are used to make bread ,coffee can be made in the coffe machine only.
It is not possible that he took out a tub of ice cream from the oven because ice cream should be stored in a cool place like a fridge, not in the oven
It is not possible that he took out a tub of ice cream from the oven because ice is stored in the freezer.
It is not possible that he took out a tub of ice cream from the oven because ice cream is cold, the oven is warm
It is not possible that he took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer because people usually at first wash the clothes and then dry them
It is not possible that he took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer because the clothes were already washed before they were removed from the dryer.
It is not possible that he took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer because you put clothes in the washer first and then in the dryer.
It is not possible that my girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old because two years old is too young for a girl to marry a boy
It is not possible that my girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old because one cannot marry at the age of 2 years old.
It is not possible that my girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old because marriage isn't legal at 2 years old.
It is not possible that i am so poor, so i can buy a big house easily because big houses usually are too expensive for the poor
It is not possible that i am so poor, so i can buy a big house easily because you need money to purchase a house.
It is not possible that i am so poor, so i can buy a big house easily because poor people cannot buy anything easily, let alone a big house.
It is not possible that my little sister took care of me when i was born because i was born earlier than my little sister
It is not possible that my little sister took care of me when i was born because my little sister cannot be born before me.
It is not possible that my little sister took care of me when i was born because a person younger than someone can not be born before the older.
It is not possible that i gave birth to my mother because mothers give birth to their child
It is not possible that i gave birth to my mother because mother born before child
It is not possible that i gave birth to my mother because this is an inverse birth order and biologically impossible.
It is not possible that my father praised me for indulging in games because parents will not be happy to see their children addicted to games
It is not possible that my father praised me for indulging in games because my father thinks good grades are more important than playing games.
It is not possible that my father praised me for indulging in games because one does not indulge in a game.
It is not possible that i got a bad grade, so i am so happy because when getting a bad grade, people will be sad but not happy
It is not possible that i got a bad grade, so i am so happy because bad grades can get you in trouble
It is not possible that i got a bad grade, so i am so happy because bad grades are a form of punishment for unpreparedness.
It is not possible that i will be younger in ten years because people get older as time goes by
It is not possible that i will be younger in ten years because as time progresses, one will become older.
It is not possible that i will be younger in ten years because you only get older as time passes
It is not possible that he washed his face with sulfuric acid because sulfuric acid is corrosive
It is not possible that he washed his face with sulfuric acid because sulphuric acid damages the face.
It is not possible that he washed his face with sulfuric acid because sulfuric acid kills
It is not possible that he took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others because listening to music without headphones will disturb others
It is not possible that he took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others because there is no way that he would be disturbing others if he is wearing headphones.
It is not possible that he took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others because ear phones prevent loud noises from being played, and are therefore the least disturbing.
It is not possible that he was ashamed of having won the scholarship because winning the scholarship means the recognition of your achievements
It is not possible that he was ashamed of having won the scholarship because winning a scholarship is a positive thing.
It is not possible that he was ashamed of having won the scholarship because when a person win things they usually feel positive
It is not possible that he made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk because students will feel nervous when their mistakes are found by teachers
It is not possible that he made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk because people who make mistakes feel guilty and embarrassed, not proud.
It is not possible that he made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk because being proud is not a feeling you get when you make a mistake
It is not possible that the air in the room is bad so i close the window for ventilation because closing the window will make the arid worse in the room
It is not possible that the air in the room is bad so i close the window for ventilation because to encoruage ventilation, a window should be opened, not closed.
It is not possible that the air in the room is bad so i close the window for ventilation because closing the window would keep the room in the air bad, if you open it there might be better air circulation.
It is not possible that the more you eat, the more hungry you are because eating food makes people feel full but not hungry
It is not possible that the more you eat, the more hungry you are because it defies logic; hunger decreases with eating.
It is not possible that the more you eat, the more hungry you are because eating reduces hungry
It is not possible that he was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building because people can not jump off the tall building safely
It is not possible that he was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building because no one can take a life threatning decision even in hurry.
It is not possible that he was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building because jumping off the building will hurt him.
It is not possible that the rabbit climbed up the tree because the rabbit lives on the land and can not climb the tree
It is not possible that the rabbit climbed up the tree because rabbits can't climb trees
It is not possible that the rabbit climbed up the tree because rabbits do not climb trees
It is not possible that the fish can live without air because the fish absorb the air in the water to maintain lives
It is not possible that the fish can live without air because fish need air to live, so they can't live without it.
It is not possible that the fish can live without air because fish need oxygen in their water to live, so need air in their environment.
It is not possible that although he is eight years old, he drives a lot because the law forbids children from driving
It is not possible that although he is eight years old, he drives a lot because eight year olds are not allowed to drive.
It is not possible that although he is eight years old, he drives a lot because 8 year olds cannot drive
It is not possible that i want to eat sushi, so i go to an italian restaurant because sushi is japanese food but not italian food
It is not possible that i want to eat sushi, so i go to an italian restaurant because sushi is no an italian food so it is not served in italian restaurants.
It is not possible that i want to eat sushi, so i go to an italian restaurant because at an italian restaurant you typically will not find sushi, instead you will find italian food.
It is not possible that the homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant because fire hydrant is too small for human to sleep on
It is not possible that the homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant because it is likely impossible to sleep on a vertical surface.
It is not possible that the homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant because fire hydrants are pointy and thus you cannot sleep on them.
It is not possible that the poor sleep in their villas because poor people can not afford villas
It is not possible that the poor sleep in their villas because poor people can't afford villas.
It is not possible that the poor sleep in their villas because only rich people have villas
It is not possible that he was going to run, so he put on his leather shoes because leather shoes are not suitable for doing exercise, but running shoes are suitable
It is not possible that he was going to run, so he put on his leather shoes because leather shoes are for dress and athletic shoes are for running so it would most likely not be possible to run in leather shoes.
It is not possible that he was going to run, so he put on his leather shoes because people run in tennis shoes, not leather shoes.
It is not possible that i didn't water the flower for a month so it flourished because flowers need water to maintain their lives
It is not possible that i didn't water the flower for a month so it flourished because flowers need water to live.
It is not possible that i didn't water the flower for a month so it flourished because flowers die without water.
It is not possible that she ate too many peppers and got cavities because peppers will not make people get cavities, but candies will
It is not possible that she ate too many peppers and got cavities because sugar causes cavities.
It is not possible that she ate too many peppers and got cavities because peppers are not sugar-filled and do not cause cavities.
It is not possible that the couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company because insurance company does not provide decoration service
It is not possible that the couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company because the insurance company doesn't provide a renovation service
It is not possible that the couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company because insurance companies do not perform renovations.
It is not possible that the room is so hot, so he opens the heater because opening the heater will make the room even hotter
It is not possible that the room is so hot, so he opens the heater because heaters make rooms even hotter.
It is not possible that the room is so hot, so he opens the heater because if the room is hot, opening the heater would only make it warmer.
It is not possible that all the restaurants offer a tv for customers to watch because offering a tv is not the obligation for a restaurant
It is not possible that all the restaurants offer a tv for customers to watch because not every restaurant offers tvs
It is not possible that all the restaurants offer a tv for customers to watch because tvs are for entertainment, but not needed for eating.
It is not possible that only south koreans like kimchi because there are some people from other countries liking kimchi
It is not possible that only south koreans like kimchi because people of many nationalities like kimchi.
It is not possible that only south koreans like kimchi because kimchi is a korean food that is now enjoyed in many parts of the world.
It is not possible that chinese eat dumplings only during the spring festival because people can eat dumplings every time they want
It is not possible that chinese eat dumplings only during the spring festival because dumplings can be eaten any time
It is not possible that chinese eat dumplings only during the spring festival because dumplings are eaten year-round by the chinese.
It is not possible that you can only use chopsticks to eat noodles because you can also use forks to eat noodles
It is not possible that you can only use chopsticks to eat noodles because you can use multiple utensils to eat noodles.
It is not possible that you can only use chopsticks to eat noodles because chopsticks can be used to eat a variety of food, and the asian people use them as their only utensils.
It is not possible that his lens cover is broken, so he can not use it to take a photo because lens cover only protects the lens, but will not affect taking photos
It is not possible that his lens cover is broken, so he can not use it to take a photo because you don't need a lens cover to take a photo
It is not possible that his lens cover is broken, so he can not use it to take a photo because lens  cover is removed while taking a photo
It is not possible that my grandfather read the words with a microscope because microscope is usually used in the labs to observe tiny cells, and the magnifying glass is used to read
It is not possible that my grandfather read the words with a microscope because people don't use microscopes to read things.
It is not possible that my grandfather read the words with a microscope because my grandfather read the words with his reading glasses.
It is not possible that nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache because having a stomachache is the result of eating expired food but not reason
It is not possible that nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache because for stomachache people take medicines and light food
It is not possible that nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache because eating expired food is not good for one's stomach.
It is not possible that she wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean because people will wear an apron but not an armor in their daily lives
It is not possible that she wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean because armor is used to protect oneself in battle, not cooking.
It is not possible that she wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean because no one wears an armor to cook,
It is not possible that her father is a cleaner, so he needs to travel abroad a lot because the cleaner is not an occupation needs to travel abroad a lot, but the diplomat is
It is not possible that her father is a cleaner, so he needs to travel abroad a lot because not all cleaners need to travel abroad.
It is not possible that her father is a cleaner, so he needs to travel abroad a lot because cleaners do not typically travel overseas.
It is not possible that their family is very rich so they take low-income insurance because the government does not provide low-income insurance to the rich
It is not possible that their family is very rich so they take low-income insurance because if someone is very rich, he must take a high-income insurance.
It is not possible that their family is very rich so they take low-income insurance because rich families would be ineligible for low-income insurance.
It is not possible that he has a stomachache, so he drinks iced water because iced water would a stomachache worse
It is not possible that he has a stomachache, so he drinks iced water because cold water would probably not help stomach aches.
It is not possible that he has a stomachache, so he drinks iced water because drinking iced water does not help stomachaches
It is not possible that the soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country because a soldier should be loyalty to his country because it is his duty
It is not possible that the soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country because people are not praised for disloyalty; only loyalty.
It is not possible that the soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country because praise is given for good deeds.
It is not possible that i looked at the menu after i ordered because people at first look at the menu to decide what to order
It is not possible that i looked at the menu after i ordered because you choose what you want to eat off of a menu before you order.
It is not possible that i looked at the menu after i ordered because menus are looked at before ordering, so you know what to order.
It is not possible that all the restaurants have daily specials because having daily specials is not the obligation for a restaurants
It is not possible that all the restaurants have daily specials because most restaurants have daily specials but not all restaurants do.
It is not possible that all the restaurants have daily specials because not all restaurants have daily specials
It is not possible that he hung his carpet on the wall because carpet is spread on the floor but not hung on the wall
It is not possible that he hung his carpet on the wall because carpet is too large to be hung on the wall
It is not possible that he hung his carpet on the wall because carpets are laid on the floor.
It is not possible that the professor is liked by his students because he is harsh because no one will like people who are harsh to others
It is not possible that the professor is liked by his students because he is harsh because people are not well-liked because they are harsh.
It is not possible that the professor is liked by his students because he is harsh because a harsh professior is hated by students.
It is not possible that there are many planes in the harbor because planes are located in the airport
It is not possible that there are many planes in the harbor because harbors are located in oceans and seas.
It is not possible that there are many planes in the harbor because planes are in the sky.
It is not possible that he is moving so he takes things out of the box because people put things in boxes for easy transportation while moving
It is not possible that he is moving so he takes things out of the box because generally when moving taking things out of boxes is counter-productive.
It is not possible that he is moving so he takes things out of the box because when you move you have to put things in boxes not take them out.
It is not possible that the harbor is in the desert because the harbor is used to park ships, so it can not be in the desert
It is not possible that the harbor is in the desert because deserts don't have water, and therefore have no harbors.
It is not possible that the harbor is in the desert because deserts are typically located away from bodies of water, so they would not have a harbor.
It is not possible that we usually board the plane before going through the security check because the security check makes sure people will not carry dangerous goods when boarding
It is not possible that we usually board the plane before going through the security check because one goes through a security check prior to boarding a plane so one cannot enter the plane first.
It is not possible that we usually board the plane before going through the security check because if you don't go through security check, you cannot get on a plane.
It is not possible that i an on the wings of the plane because people can not sit on the wings, for it is dangerous
It is not possible that i an on the wings of the plane because we would fall off the wings of the plane.
It is not possible that i an on the wings of the plane because that is very unsafe and most likely deadly.
It is not possible that submarines are flying in the sky because submarines should move in the water but not sky
It is not possible that submarines are flying in the sky because submarines can not operate outside of the water
It is not possible that submarines are flying in the sky because submarines travel under water.
It is not possible that my father has a bad tooth, so he goes to the vet because the vet treat animals, but not people
It is not possible that my father has a bad tooth, so he goes to the vet because the vet treats animals  not humans.
It is not possible that my father has a bad tooth, so he goes to the vet because a vet does not care for human teeth.
It is not possible that everyone is reading in the bar because the bar are not the places for reading
It is not possible that everyone is reading in the bar because bars are not a good place to read in
It is not possible that everyone is reading in the bar because bar is a place where people go to socialize and have fun
It is not possible that the athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant because it is against the rules for athletes to use stimulant
It is not possible that the athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant because athletes are prohibited from using stimulants
It is not possible that the athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant because taking stimulants is usually illegal in proffessional sports.
It is not possible that google is a car engine because google is a website but not a car engine
It is not possible that google is a car engine because google is related to internet
It is not possible that google is a car engine because google is used for search, it has nothing to do with cars.
It is not possible that she put lipstick on her eyebrows because lipstick is used to decorate the lips
It is not possible that she put lipstick on her eyebrows because eyebrows are not decorated with lipsticks.
It is not possible that she put lipstick on her eyebrows because lipstick doesn't go on the eyebrows, only the lips.
It is not possible that she puts her contact lenses on her lips because contact lenses are used to make the eyes see more clearly
It is not possible that she puts her contact lenses on her lips because a contact lens is meant for eyes.
It is not possible that she puts her contact lenses on her lips because lipstick is put on lips and contact lenses are place on the eyeball so he would not put her contact lenses on her lips
It is not possible that leaves fall in autumn because leaves grow in spring and fall in autumn
It is not possible that leaves fall in autumn because leaves do not fall in spring.
It is not possible that leaves fall in autumn because leaves do fall in autumn.
It is not possible that the winter is the hottest season in the whole year because the average temperature in the winter is the lowest in the whole year
It is not possible that the winter is the hottest season in the whole year because winter is a cold season
It is not possible that the winter is the hottest season in the whole year because summer weather is hot.
It is not possible that my mother is younger than me because my mother gave birth to me, so she should be born earlier than me
It is not possible that my mother is younger than me because children cannot be older than their mothers
It is not possible that my mother is younger than me because a mother cannot be younger than her daughter.
It is not possible that he plays rock-paper-scissors alone because the rock-paper-scissors is a game played by at least two people
It is not possible that he plays rock-paper-scissors alone because rock-paper-scissors is a game of more than one people.
It is not possible that he plays rock-paper-scissors alone because rock paper scissors requires two people.
It is not possible that people wear sunglasses on rainy days because sunglasses can not keep out the sun rain, but umbrellas can
It is not possible that people wear sunglasses on rainy days because people do not wear sunglasses in the rain.
It is not possible that people wear sunglasses on rainy days because on raining days the sun is behind clouds and would not be bright and sunglasses do not keep you dry from the rain.
It is not possible that he's a vegetarian, so he always eats meat because vegetarians won't eat any meat products
It is not possible that he's a vegetarian, so he always eats meat because vegetarians don't eat meat
It is not possible that he's a vegetarian, so he always eats meat because vegetarian's do not eat meat.
It is not possible that people sleep under the bed because the bed are used for people to sleep on
It is not possible that people sleep under the bed because beds are made for sleeping on top of.
It is not possible that people sleep under the bed because beds are for sleeping, not floors.
It is not possible that he washed his hair because it was too long because washing hair can not resolve the problem that the hair is too long
It is not possible that he washed his hair because it was too long because washing is done to remove dirt
It is not possible that he washed his hair because it was too long because washing hair makes it clean, not shorter.
It is not possible that people put on their raincoats before going to bed because people usually wear raincoats only when it rains
It is not possible that people put on their raincoats before going to bed because raincoats are worn outside the house.
It is not possible that people put on their raincoats before going to bed because rain coats are for wearing outside in the rain.
It is not possible that the media encourages people to defecate in public because defecating in public is uncivilized behavior and no one will encourage it
It is not possible that the media encourages people to defecate in public because you should not defecate in public.
It is not possible that the media encourages people to defecate in public because defecating in public is illegal, so the media would not encourage people to do something illegal.
It is not possible that he puts on a helmet to listen to music because the helmet can not be used to listen to music, but the headphones can
It is not possible that he puts on a helmet to listen to music because helmets do not play music.
It is not possible that he puts on a helmet to listen to music because helmets do not play music.
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he always eats peanuts because people should not eat the food that they are allergic to, for it is dangerous
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he always eats peanuts because if one is allergic to a food, they cannot eat it.
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he always eats peanuts because people who are allergic to peanuts cannot eat peanuts.
It is not possible that he folded up his shoes because shoes are hard and can not be folded up, but shirts can
It is not possible that he folded up his shoes because shoes are too stiff to be folded.
It is not possible that he folded up his shoes because shoes are thick and cannot be folded.
It is not possible that he hired a lawyer to look after the baby because a lawyer's job is to deal with cases rather than look after children
It is not possible that he hired a lawyer to look after the baby because lawyers practice law.
It is not possible that he hired a lawyer to look after the baby because a lawyer is hired for legal services and a babysitter is hired to look after a baby, so a lawyer would not  be hired to look after the baby.
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a brush because a brush is used to brush clothes but not hair
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a brush because a brush is used for brushing hair so she did brush her hair with brush.
It is not possible that she brushed her hair with a brush because only teeth is  usually brushed
It is not possible that he is afraid of water, so he always dives at the seaside because people who are afraid of water will not dive in the sea
It is not possible that he is afraid of water, so he always dives at the seaside because if you are afraid of water, diving into the seaside is dangerous and risky.
It is not possible that he is afraid of water, so he always dives at the seaside because one dives into water at a pool not at the seaside; but, if one is afraid of water , one never dives.
It is not possible that people must peel apples when they eat them because it is not necessary to peel the apple when eating them
It is not possible that people must peel apples when they eat them because apple is usually eaten with peel
It is not possible that people must peel apples when they eat them because people peel bananas when they eat them.
It is not possible that my dog buy dog food for me to eat because a dog can not buy food and people do not eat dog food
It is not possible that my dog buy dog food for me to eat because dogs don't have money to buy anything, especially not their own food to give to their owners.
It is not possible that my dog buy dog food for me to eat because dogs cannot buy things.
It is not possible that my cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed because the thirtieth floor is too high even for a cat to jump down
It is not possible that my cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed because that is too far for a cat to fall without injury.
It is not possible that my cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed because jumping from a thirtieth floor would injure cat not leave it unscathed.
It is not possible that she applies flour on her face every night because flour can be used to make food but not protect the skin, and facial mask can protect the skin
It is not possible that she applies flour on her face every night because flour is for food and not for faces.
It is not possible that she applies flour on her face every night because flour is not meant to be applied to a face.
It is not possible that she makes bread with detergent because detergent is used to wash clothes, not to make food, but the baking powder is used for food
It is not possible that she makes bread with detergent because detergent is used for washing clothes, dishes, etc and is not an ingredient in bread which is made with flour.
It is not possible that she makes bread with detergent because detergent is not used to make bread.
It is not possible that he does yoga on the treadmill because people do yoga on the yoga mat, and run on the treadmill
It is not possible that he does yoga on the treadmill because yoga is slowly doing excercise
It is not possible that he does yoga on the treadmill because treadmill is used to run.
It is not possible that an apple ate me because an apple can not eat people
It is not possible that an apple ate me because we eat apple.
It is not possible that an apple ate me because apples are food.
It is not possible that little tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie because when people are scared, they will cry but not laugh
It is not possible that little tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie because laughter is not a normal reaction to horrible movies but horrible movies may bring one to tears.
It is not possible that little tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie because if you are scared you usually don't laugh
It is not possible that he was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech because forgetting words in a speech is not something the public appreciates
It is not possible that he was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech because most people are embarrassed for forgetting things.
It is not possible that he was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech because forgetting word in a speech is not a good thing.
It is not possible that he typed with piano keys because piano keys are used to play music but not type, and the keyboard is used for typing
It is not possible that he typed with piano keys because piano keys can't be used to type words.
It is not possible that he typed with piano keys because piano keys cannot used to type.
It is not possible that he hasn't bathed in a week so he's clean because people get dirty if they don't bathe for a long time
It is not possible that he hasn't bathed in a week so he's clean because a person who has not showered for a week can only be dirty.
It is not possible that he hasn't bathed in a week so he's clean because if someone does not take bath for more than a week, he is dirty.
It is not possible that you must peel tomatoes before eating them because it is not necessary for people to peel tomatoes before eating
It is not possible that you must peel tomatoes before eating them because tomatoes do not need to be peeled before being eaten.
It is not possible that you must peel tomatoes before eating them because skin is what is removed from a tomatoe so one skins (not peels) a tomato before eating.
It is not possible that people's hair turns red when they are old because when people are old, their hair doesn't have the pigment that makes their hair red
It is not possible that people's hair turns red when they are old because hair generally turns grey, not red, when one ages.
It is not possible that people's hair turns red when they are old because hair loses color as we age so it turns white not red.
It is not possible that they are so poor so they live in a five-star hotel because the poor can afford the youth hostel but not the five-star hotel
It is not possible that they are so poor so they live in a five-star hotel because rich can only afford five star hotel
It is not possible that they are so poor so they live in a five-star hotel because only ricch people stay in five-star hotel
It is not possible that he watches movies on the blackboard because blackboards do not have screens for watching movies, but computers have
It is not possible that he watches movies on the blackboard because blackboards are not electronic.
It is not possible that he watches movies on the blackboard because people write on blackboard which does not reflect and movies vuewed on a white screen so one cannot watch movies on a blackboard.
It is not possible that it cheers her up that she was rejected because people will feel upset when rejected by others
It is not possible that it cheers her up that she was rejected because rejection is not a cheerful or positive experience.
It is not possible that it cheers her up that she was rejected because being rejected is a sad thing.
It is not possible that she was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine because people show the proof of their age but not their bodies when buying a wine
It is not possible that she was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine because people are not asked to expose themselves while buying wine.
It is not possible that she was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine because breasts are not a valid form of identification.
It is not possible that everything in the movie is true because in order to achieve the artistic effect, movies will show some false things
It is not possible that everything in the movie is true because even movies based on true events exaggerate the real events.
It is not possible that everything in the movie is true because movies, even documentaries, are never completely true, as the information they are based on may not be true, or the writers and directors may change facts in order to fit a particular narrative.
It is not possible that people never lie because no one can go through life without lying
It is not possible that people never lie because people will lie at some point in their lives.
It is not possible that people never lie because most people tell lies occasionally.
It is not possible that he went to china to see the alps because the alps are in germany, not china
It is not possible that he went to china to see the alps because the alps are no where near china.
It is not possible that he went to china to see the alps because the alps are not located in china
It is not possible that he took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant because a fire hydrant is too small for people to shelter from the rain under it
It is not possible that he took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant because a fire hydrant provides water.
It is not possible that he took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant because fire hydrants do not provide very good shelter from the rain
It is not possible that people danced and sang at his mother's funeral because it is very rude to sing and dance at a funeral
It is not possible that people danced and sang at his mother's funeral because people usually don't dance at someones funeral as someone who they loved is dead.
It is not possible that people danced and sang at his mother's funeral because dancing and singing is done in a happy situation
It is not possible that sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout because bones do not sprout.
It is not possible that sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout because bones do not sprout or grow like plants
It is not possible that sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout because bones are not plants
It is not possible that he saw the living dinosaur in the museum because dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years.
It is not possible that he saw the living dinosaur in the museum because there are no living dinosaurs today
It is not possible that he saw the living dinosaur in the museum because museums only have dead creatures.
It is not possible that an iron bar can ignite a big forest fire because iron bars will not catch fire.
It is not possible that an iron bar can ignite a big forest fire because iron bars do not generate heat to cause a fire
It is not possible that an iron bar can ignite a big forest fire because iron bars do not start fires.
It is not possible that the quiet youths were ejected from the cinema because quiet people do not affect others and there is no reason to eject them.
It is not possible that the quiet youths were ejected from the cinema because quiet people should not be ejected from the cinema.
It is not possible that the quiet youths were ejected from the cinema because cinema's administration taken out the noise making youth out from the cinema.
It is not possible that a cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral because the cheeky expression at a funeral is disrespectful to the deceased.
It is not possible that a cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral because having a cheeky expression at a funeral would usually be in bad taste.
It is not possible that a cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral because cheeky expression is not given in a sad situation
It is not possible that i hear a fragrance of flowers because the smell cannot be heard.
It is not possible that i hear a fragrance of flowers because it is not possible to hear fragrance, but to smell them
It is not possible that i hear a fragrance of flowers because you can not hear scents.
It is not possible that water is all we need to nourish a small baby because water does not have enough nutrition for the baby.
It is not possible that water is all we need to nourish a small baby because babies need food and warmth as well.
It is not possible that water is all we need to nourish a small baby because if a baby drinks only water, they will not get any nutrients, which they need to survive.
It is not possible that i saw a snake flying past because snakes are reptiles and cannot fly.
It is not possible that i saw a snake flying past because snakes do not fly.
It is not possible that i saw a snake flying past because snake can only crawl , it is a invertebrate animal , it cannot fly.
It is not possible that the warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death because being hot to death can not be saved by the warmth of fire.
It is not possible that the warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death because fire is hot, therefore it would not prevent someone from being hot to death
It is not possible that the warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death because fire can harm someone who is too hot.
It is not possible that the glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight because the size of the glasses frame is too small to keep out the sun.
It is not possible that the glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight because frames are too thin to protect from sunlight.
It is not possible that the glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight because glasses frames are thin and unable to block much sunlight.
It is not possible that cold medicine can help patients relieve pain because cold medicine cannot stop pain.
It is not possible that cold medicine can help patients relieve pain because painkillers can help to relieve pain.
It is not possible that cold medicine can help patients relieve pain because we take pain killers to get relieve from pain.
It is not possible that they worked hard to fall themselves into poverty because no one wants to fall into poverty and working hard cannot cause poverty.
It is not possible that they worked hard to fall themselves into poverty because working hard will typically make you more successful.
It is not possible that they worked hard to fall themselves into poverty because working hard should not lead to poverty.
It is not possible that i went to donate fingers yesterday because fingers cannot be regenerated so people normally don't donate them.
It is not possible that i went to donate fingers yesterday because people do not typically donate appendages.
It is not possible that i went to donate fingers yesterday because fingers are permanent body parts.
It is not possible that i often go to the library to borrow money because the library does not offer the service of borrowing money.
It is not possible that i often go to the library to borrow money because the library is not a place to borrow money
It is not possible that i often go to the library to borrow money because only banks lend money.
It is not possible that we learn to sing in pe class because physical education mainly studies sports.
It is not possible that we learn to sing in pe class because singing is not taught in pe class.
It is not possible that we learn to sing in pe class because people learn physical activities in pe class
It is not possible that sand and water can be mixed to make noodles because sand cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that sand and water can be mixed to make noodles because sand can not be mixed with water.
It is not possible that sand and water can be mixed to make noodles because sand is not edible.
It is not possible that we went to the mall to review our lessons because malls are places for shopping and are not suitable for study.
It is not possible that we went to the mall to review our lessons because the mall is not a place to review lessons.
It is not possible that we went to the mall to review our lessons because the mall has stores at which to buy things..
It is not possible that he goes running in his room every day because the room is too small for running.
It is not possible that he goes running in his room every day because a room doesn't have the space for running in.
It is not possible that he goes running in his room every day because a room is too small to go running.
It is not possible that i use a comb to start the car because combs can be used to comb hair, not to start a car.
It is not possible that i use a comb to start the car because a comb is used to style hair.
It is not possible that i use a comb to start the car because combs are used for hair and not a car.
It is not possible that you can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days because cloth shoes are not waterproof and easily wet.
It is not possible that you can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days because the fabric would make your feet wet.
It is not possible that you can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days because cloth shoes will absorb water and make your feet wet on rainy days.
It is not possible that police had to erect statues to keep crowds back because statues are artworks and are not often used to keep crowds back.
It is not possible that police had to erect statues to keep crowds back because statues do not keep crowds back.
It is not possible that police had to erect statues to keep crowds back because statues are not designed for blocking movement but barriers are.
It is not possible that the mantis can catch insects by cobweb because mantis can't weave nets.
It is not possible that the mantis can catch insects by cobweb because a mantis does not make a cobweb
It is not possible that the mantis can catch insects by cobweb because mantis do not build webs to hunt their prey.
It is not possible that the patient is feeble and is able to run around because it takes a lot of strength to run around, but the feeble patient is not strong enough.
It is not possible that the patient is feeble and is able to run around because feeble people cannot run
It is not possible that the patient is feeble and is able to run around because running require physically strong body
It is not possible that the yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden because trash does not protect the garden.
It is not possible that the yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden because trash smells awful and will not protect the garden.
It is not possible that the yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden because trash doesn't offer any protection around a garden
It is not possible that there are fertile fields in the desert because the desert is so hot that the soil has lost water and nutrition.
It is not possible that there are fertile fields in the desert because the desert is very dry.
It is not possible that there are fertile fields in the desert because fields are not fertile.
It is not possible that the static blades lift the helicopter because static blades cannot generate strong airflow, so they cannot lift the helicopter.
It is not possible that the static blades lift the helicopter because if the blades are static, the helicopter would not fly
It is not possible that the static blades lift the helicopter because static  blades cannot give lifting force
It is not possible that a cold will definitely cause a fever because fever is only one of the symptoms of a cold, not necessarily every cold.
It is not possible that a cold will definitely cause a fever because a cold doesn't always cause a fever.
It is not possible that a cold will definitely cause a fever because cold have various symptoms and fever is considered an occasional symptom.
It is not possible that we must violate the statute of this country because violation of the statute will be punished.
It is not possible that we must violate the statute of this country because if you violate the law, you will be punished.
It is not possible that we must violate the statute of this country because statute are rules we must follow.
It is not possible that walking is not allowed in public places because walking does not affect others so it is okay in public.
It is not possible that walking is not allowed in public places because walking is allowed in public places.
It is not possible that walking is not allowed in public places because walking is allowed in public spaces.
It is not possible that he was lazy at work and got everyone's approval because people will not approve lazy people.
It is not possible that he was lazy at work and got everyone's approval because if he was lazy then everyone else would have to pick up his slack.
It is not possible that he was lazy at work and got everyone's approval because lazy people are not liked by their coworkers.
It is not possible that billboards indicate where you can stop because the billboard does not have a stop sign.
It is not possible that billboards indicate where you can stop because billboards advertise for certain stores.
It is not possible that billboards indicate where you can stop because billboards are for advertisement only
It is not possible that the weather forecast will influence the crops because weather forecast has no power to cause effect on crops.
It is not possible that the weather forecast will influence the crops because the forecast itself does not influence anything.
It is not possible that the weather forecast will influence the crops because crops are subject to changes in weather, not forecasts.
It is not possible that they are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic because the operation of factories that uneconomic will result in losses.
It is not possible that they are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic because uneconomic factories are inefficient so generally operating them is a bad thing.
It is not possible that they are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic because factories operate to make money.
It is not possible that the official was accused of integrity because integrity is a good quality and will not be accused.
It is not possible that the official was accused of integrity because integrity is neither illegal or wrong.
It is not possible that the official was accused of integrity because integrity is a high human trait so one would be praised for it not accused of it.
It is not possible that you need staples when you post a letter because staple is not necessary for posting a letter.
It is not possible that you need staples when you post a letter because staples are not accepted to pay for postage.
It is not possible that you need staples when you post a letter because stapling a letter before posting might have the post office return it.
It is not possible that the blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful because violets don't usually grow in factories.
It is not possible that the blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful because factory has only macinaries
It is not possible that the blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful because violets grow in the garden and not in the factory.
It is not possible that you can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy because facial cleansers are generally sold in shopping malls.
It is not possible that you can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy because facial cleanser can be bought in many stores, but not from behind a pharmacy counter.
It is not possible that you can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy because facial cleanser is not medicine
It is not possible that this car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds because if the speed is slow, the car will take longer time to vanish from sight.
It is not possible that this car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds because slow cars typically stay within your sight for an agonizingly long time.
It is not possible that this car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds because if the car was slow it would stay in your sight for a while
It is not possible that my muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday because rest can relax muscles without causing soreness.
It is not possible that my muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday because rest helps muscles relax.
It is not possible that my muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday because resting would not make muscles sore. exercise would though.
It is not possible that stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs because stone has no allure for pet dogs.
It is not possible that stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs because dogs enjoy bones.
It is not possible that stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs because dogd do not like stones.
It is not possible that the attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters because the height of the mountain is not measured by attitude.
It is not possible that the attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters because an attitude is a mood.
It is not possible that the attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters because mountains are not animate beings and do not possess attitudes.
It is not possible that glasses frame can correct myopia because glasses frames have no effect on myopia.
It is not possible that glasses frame can correct myopia because the frame of glasses doesn't help you see.
It is not possible that glasses frame can correct myopia because the glass frame has no corrective lens.
It is not possible that when you close your mouth, you can't see anything because closing mouth has no effect on what you see.
It is not possible that when you close your mouth, you can't see anything because people see with their eyes, not their mouth.
It is not possible that when you close your mouth, you can't see anything because eyes produce sight.
It is not possible that you should play games when the final exam is coming soon because playing games does not help you review the knowledge needed for the final exam.
It is not possible that you should play games when the final exam is coming soon because playing games and not studying could make you fail a final exam.
It is not possible that you should play games when the final exam is coming soon because it is important to study for a final exam.
It is not possible that you need to peel bananas after eating them because there is no need for peeling since the bananas have been eaten.
It is not possible that you need to peel bananas after eating them because we cannot eat banana without peeling it.
It is not possible that you need to peel bananas after eating them because first you have to peel the banana so you can eat it.
It is not possible that this book tastes very delicate because books can't be eaten.
It is not possible that this book tastes very delicate because books are read, not tasted, so it makes no sense to talk about the taste of a book.
It is not possible that this book tastes very delicate because eating a book wouldn't taste very nice
It is not possible that people eat through their eyes because eyes can only see things, not eat things.
It is not possible that people eat through their eyes because people eat through their mouths
It is not possible that people eat through their eyes because food cannot go into the eyes.
It is not possible that linen can be used to make rings because rings are made of metal.
It is not possible that linen can be used to make rings because linen is not used to make rings.
It is not possible that linen can be used to make rings because linen is a type of cloth.
It is not possible that i sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean because sweat does not make the body clean.
It is not possible that i sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean because sweat makes a body feel sticky and clammy so the body is not fresh and clean after sweating.
It is not possible that i sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean because when a body sweats it becomes dirty, not clean.
It is not possible that we closed the window to ventilate because the wind cannot pass through the closed window.
It is not possible that we closed the window to ventilate because in order to ventilate, the air needs to escape from somewhere.
It is not possible that we closed the window to ventilate because only opening the window would allow for venilation.
It is not possible that i drive on the sidewalk because driving on the sidewalk violates traffic regulations.
It is not possible that i drive on the sidewalk because sidewalks are too small to drive on and have obstacles on them.
It is not possible that i drive on the sidewalk because you should not drive on the sidewalk.
It is not possible that i often draw with chopsticks because chopsticks is a tool for eating, not drawing.
It is not possible that i often draw with chopsticks because chopsticks are not used for drawing as they're made of plain wood.
It is not possible that i often draw with chopsticks because with the help of chopsticks we eat food not draw the things
It is not possible that the movie is very boring so i like it very much because no one will like boring movies.
It is not possible that the movie is very boring so i like it very much because the movie was boring so i checked my email and caught up with old friends.
It is not possible that the movie is very boring so i like it very much because no one enjoys boring movies.
It is not possible that he is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him because being loved by others is not pitiful.
It is not possible that he is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him because if a man has a woman who loves him, he is happy.
It is not possible that he is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him because he is a happy man because he has a wife who loves him
It is not possible that i brew sand with milk to eat because sand isn't a food.
It is not possible that i brew sand with milk to eat because sand cannot be eat with milk.
It is not possible that i brew sand with milk to eat because sand isn't edible.
It is not possible that the operation of the computer needs water because water will short circuit the computer.
It is not possible that the operation of the computer needs water because computers should not be exposed to water.
It is not possible that the operation of the computer needs water because water is not necessary to run a computer.
It is not possible that he surfs the desert because there is no water in the desert to surf.
It is not possible that he surfs the desert because there is no water in the desert to surf.
It is not possible that he surfs the desert because surfing is done on water and a desert is dry and arid and sand so one could not surf in the desert.
It is not possible that when we are full, we will continue to eat because continuing to eat when you are full will make your stomach fuller and uncomfortable.
It is not possible that when we are full, we will continue to eat because when we are full, we no longer want to eat.
It is not possible that when we are full, we will continue to eat because if you are full, stop eating.
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries off from trees because strawberries don't grow on trees.
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries off from trees because strawberries grow from strawberry plants and do not grow from trees.
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries off from trees because strawberries grow on low-lying plants.
It is not possible that this table tastes good because the table is inedible.
It is not possible that this table tastes good because a table is not an edible thing to have taste
It is not possible that this table tastes good because tables area made of wood/metal and are not eatible but the food placed on the table is so the table cannot taste good.
It is not possible that i am so hungry now so i need to take a shower because taking a shower can't make you full.
It is not possible that i am so hungry now so i need to take a shower because if you are hungry, you would eat, not go take a shower.
It is not possible that i am so hungry now so i need to take a shower because a shower simply cleans someone, but does not help with hunger.
It is not possible that jack caught a whale in the forest because whale lives in the sea, not on the land.
It is not possible that jack caught a whale in the forest because whales don't live in the forest, they live in the ocean.
It is not possible that jack caught a whale in the forest because whale lives in water
It is not possible that basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market because fresh vegetables are usually sold in the farmer's market or supermarket.
It is not possible that basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market because vegetables are not furniture.
It is not possible that basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market because vegetables are not furniture.
It is not possible that shanghai is the humidity of a city because humidity is a rainfall indicator.
It is not possible that shanghai is the humidity of a city because shanghai is the name of a city.
It is not possible that shanghai is the humidity of a city because humidity is the amount of water in the atmosphere.
It is not possible that i put my shoes in a make-up box because the make-up box is used to put the cosmetics.
It is not possible that i put my shoes in a make-up box because shoes are too big to fit into a make-up box.
It is not possible that i put my shoes in a make-up box because shoes don't fit in a makeup box
It is not possible that if you want to buy clothes, you must choose to use amazon because shopping on amazon is not the only way to buy clothes.
It is not possible that if you want to buy clothes, you must choose to use amazon because there are websites other than amazon where you can find nice clothes.
It is not possible that if you want to buy clothes, you must choose to use amazon because there are nearly an infinite number of shops from which to purchase clothes.
It is not possible that most people use eyes to listen because eyes do not have the function of listening.
It is not possible that most people use eyes to listen because eyes are used to see
It is not possible that most people use eyes to listen because eyes doesn't have eardrum
It is not possible that amy often watches music opera in the gym because the gym is a place to do exercise.
It is not possible that amy often watches music opera in the gym because music operas are not held in gyms.
It is not possible that amy often watches music opera in the gym because most people watch musical opera at the theater
It is not possible that the dress is so ugly that i like it very much because no one will like a dress looking ugly.
It is not possible that the dress is so ugly that i like it very much because people like pretty clothes.
It is not possible that the dress is so ugly that i like it very much because if a dress is ugly it is not liked by a person.
It is not possible that ktv is a good place to play basketball because the ktv is for singing and not a suitable place to play basketball.
It is not possible that ktv is a good place to play basketball because a ktv doesn't have space or gear to play basketball in
It is not possible that ktv is a good place to play basketball because ktv is a good place to have fun.
It is not possible that she is a lucky girl because she has a broken family because a broken family is bad for children to grow up.
It is not possible that she is a lucky girl because she has a broken family because a broken family is a negative thing to have, nobody is lucky for that
It is not possible that she is a lucky girl because she has a broken family because in a broken family life is miserable
It is not possible that honey comes from cows because cows can only produce milk, but not honey.
It is not possible that honey comes from cows because honey does not come from cows, but is produced by honeybees.
It is not possible that honey comes from cows because is there a new breed of cows which give honey
It is not possible that the elder brother is the father's daughter because my brother is a boy, not a girl
It is not possible that the elder brother is the father's daughter because a daughter is female.
It is not possible that the elder brother is the father's daughter because brother is a male sibling and daughter is a female sibling.
It is not possible that mother was waiting for me on the sun because people can not live on the sun
It is not possible that mother was waiting for me on the sun because the sun is too hot to stand on.
It is not possible that mother was waiting for me on the sun because nobody could survive even a moment on the surface of the sun; it's far too hot.
It is not possible that grandma is 200 years old this year because it is impossible for people to live to 200 years old
It is not possible that grandma is 200 years old this year because the average human lifespan is 78-80 years old.
It is not possible that grandma is 200 years old this year because people do not live to be 200 years old.
It is not possible that she wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck because earrings are worn in the earlobe, not around the neck
It is not possible that she wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck because earrings are too small to be worn around the neck
It is not possible that she wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck because earrings go in the ear not around the neck.
It is not possible that she helped mike, so mike annoyed her because people should be grateful for the help from others
It is not possible that she helped mike, so mike annoyed her because no one gets angry for helping them
It is not possible that she helped mike, so mike annoyed her because when people help you, you are grateful.
It is not possible that there are thousands of students in the classroom because the classroom cannot hold thousands of people
It is not possible that there are thousands of students in the classroom because thousands of students could not fit in a classroom
It is not possible that there are thousands of students in the classroom because no classroom could hold thousands of students, and no teacher could teach that many.
It is not possible that he broke a long iron bar with his bare hands because an iron bar is so hard that one cannot break it with bare hands
It is not possible that he broke a long iron bar with his bare hands because iron is too hard for a person to break.
It is not possible that he broke a long iron bar with his bare hands because an ordinary person cannot break an iron bar.
It is not possible that the temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree because the human body can't stand the high temperature of 57 degrees
It is not possible that the temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree because a person with a temperature of 57 degress has a high temperature indicating illness.
It is not possible that the temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree because 57 degrees is fatal for a human.
It is not possible that he dug a hole in the ground with a straw because the straw was too soft to dig in the ground
It is not possible that he dug a hole in the ground with a straw because digging a hole in the ground with a straw is inefficient and bad.
It is not possible that he dug a hole in the ground with a straw because straws are for drinking.
It is not possible that the actress acted badly, so he liked to watch her films because people don't like movies with bad actors
It is not possible that the actress acted badly, so he liked to watch her films because it is not enjoyable to seek out bad acting in films.
It is not possible that the actress acted badly, so he liked to watch her films because if someone acts badly, one hates it.
It is not possible that he suffers from depression, so he is happy because people with depression are usually unhappy with anything
It is not possible that he suffers from depression, so he is happy because one is not happy if they are depressed.
It is not possible that he suffers from depression, so he is happy because depressed people are not usually happy.
It is not possible that he went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars because the fruit store sells fruit and cannot withdraw money
It is not possible that he went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars because fruit shops are unlikely to have a thousand dollars petty cash for withdrawal
It is not possible that he went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars because you can't withdraw money from fruit shops.
It is not possible that he saw a huge unicorn in the zoo because unicorns are not real, so there are no unicorns in zoos
It is not possible that he saw a huge unicorn in the zoo because unicorns don't exist
It is not possible that he saw a huge unicorn in the zoo because unicorns do not exist and would not be seen at a zoo.
It is not possible that he saw a turtle crawling quickly past him because the tortoise usually crawl very slowly
It is not possible that he saw a turtle crawling quickly past him because turltles crawl very slowly
It is not possible that he saw a turtle crawling quickly past him because turtles are slow
It is not possible that she wants to apply for a princess position because only royalty can be princesses, but everyone can be a teacher
It is not possible that she wants to apply for a princess position because being a princess is not a job.
It is not possible that she wants to apply for a princess position because the position of princess in not to be applied for.
It is not possible that there are flowers all over the park in winter because flowers don't usually bloom in winter
It is not possible that there are flowers all over the park in winter because flowers do not grow in winter.
It is not possible that there are flowers all over the park in winter because flowers do not bloom or maintain in winter.
It is not possible that a plane landed over his head because a plane cannot stand on the top of a man's head
It is not possible that a plane landed over his head because a plane must land on a runway.
It is not possible that a plane landed over his head because head is too small for a plane to land
It is not possible that he bought a tank yesterday because tanks can only be used by armies
It is not possible that he bought a tank yesterday because tanks are military vehicles and not for the general public to buy.
It is not possible that he bought a tank yesterday because militaries own tanks.
It is not possible that he rode turtles on the prairie because people can not ride on turtles
It is not possible that he rode turtles on the prairie because turtles are too small and slow to be good for riding, and they live near rivers or bodies of water.
It is not possible that he rode turtles on the prairie because turtles live near water and the prairy is a large grass field area so one would ride turtles near the water or in a zoo.
It is not possible that he has a busy job, so he has a lot of time to spend with his son because heavy work will take up much of people's time with his family
It is not possible that he has a busy job, so he has a lot of time to spend with his son because having a busy job means he would likely have very little time to spend with his son.
It is not possible that he has a busy job, so he has a lot of time to spend with his son because having a busy job takes a lot of time, leaving little for family.
It is not possible that he found a satisfactory job, so he was very sad because a satisfying job makes people happy, not sad
It is not possible that he found a satisfactory job, so he was very sad because satisfactory jobs bring contentment not sadness.
It is not possible that he found a satisfactory job, so he was very sad because if it was a satisfactory job, he would be happy.
It is not possible that he was tripped over an ant because ants are too small to trip a man up
It is not possible that he was tripped over an ant because ants are too small to trip over.
It is not possible that he was tripped over an ant because ants are not large enough to trip over.
It is not possible that drivers can drive after drinking because it's against traffic rules to drive after drinking
It is not possible that drivers can drive after drinking because you should not drive after drinking.
It is not possible that drivers can drive after drinking because driving after drinking is irresponsible and illegal.
It is not possible that he didn't get his driver's license, so he could drive because you can only drive if you have a driver's license
It is not possible that he didn't get his driver's license, so he could drive because he got his driver's license, so he could drive
It is not possible that he didn't get his driver's license, so he could drive because you are not allowed to drive without a driver's license.
It is not possible that he didn't have dinner so that he burped because you don't burp when you are not full
It is not possible that he didn't have dinner so that he burped because no one can be burped by not having dinner.
It is not possible that he didn't have dinner so that he burped because burping typically occurs when one has eaten a full meal.
It is not possible that he drank a cup of bee because bees are animals and cannot be drunk
It is not possible that he drank a cup of bee because a bee is an insect.
It is not possible that he drank a cup of bee because bee's are not a consumable beverage
It is not possible that it suddenly warmed up, so he caught a cold because rising temperatures do not cause colds
It is not possible that it suddenly warmed up, so he caught a cold because a cold comes from low temperatures
It is not possible that it suddenly warmed up, so he caught a cold because colds are caught in cold weather
It is not possible that he went to college at the age of two because you can't go to college at the age of two
It is not possible that he went to college at the age of two because college admits only after higher secondary
It is not possible that he went to college at the age of two because one can not go to college until after high school.
It is not possible that he didn't eat for a month because people who don't eat for a month will die
It is not possible that he didn't eat for a month because one cannot survive wothout eating for a month
It is not possible that he didn't eat for a month because one may be able to go for a short time without eating, cannot go for a month with no food.
It is not possible that he added a little sand to the noodles because the sand is inedible and can hurt your teeth
It is not possible that he added a little sand to the noodles because you can't eat sand
It is not possible that he added a little sand to the noodles because people do not eat sand with food.
It is not possible that he baked a pizza in the fridge because the fridge is too cold to bake pizza
It is not possible that he baked a pizza in the fridge because the fridge is cold and is not used to bake items, you would need an oven.
It is not possible that he baked a pizza in the fridge because fridge's are not used for baking.
It is not possible that he lay in a dark room in the sun because there was no sunlight in the darkroom
It is not possible that he lay in a dark room in the sun because the sun illuminates dark rooms.
It is not possible that he lay in a dark room in the sun because if a room is dark then there is no sun in it.
It is not possible that he filled his clothes with water because clothes will leak water down
It is not possible that he filled his clothes with water because clothes can not hold water.
It is not possible that he filled his clothes with water because clothes are usually worn on body
It is not possible that he charged his mobile phone with potatoes because potatoes are not rechargeable devices
It is not possible that he charged his mobile phone with potatoes because potatoes are not an energy conductor.
It is not possible that he charged his mobile phone with potatoes because potatoes do not provide electricity.
It is not possible that the ice cream melted in the refrigerator because it's so cold in the fridge that the ice cream won't melt
It is not possible that the ice cream melted in the refrigerator because an ice cream does not melt in cold temperature.
It is not possible that the ice cream melted in the refrigerator because ice cream typically does not melt in cold environments.
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam, so she got home soon because traffic jams can seriously affect the driving time, so people will get home late
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam, so she got home soon because traffic jams delay going home
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam, so she got home soon because a traffic jam causes one to be late due to the sitting in traffic, so she could not get home soon but late.
It is not possible that the air quality in the city is better than in the forest because there's a lot of car exhaust in the city
It is not possible that the air quality in the city is better than in the forest because there is more pollution in the city.
It is not possible that the air quality in the city is better than in the forest because the city is full of cars polluting the air
It is not possible that the cotton on the ground punctured the tire because cotton is too soft to puncture a tire
It is not possible that the cotton on the ground punctured the tire because cotton is a soft substance and could not puncture a tire.
It is not possible that the cotton on the ground punctured the tire because tyres are made up of rubber to, so to make it puncture you need some sharp object and cotton is obviously not sharp
It is not possible that he doused the flowers with petrol every day because gasoline cannot be used to water flowers
It is not possible that he doused the flowers with petrol every day because flowers wither when petrol is poured over it.
It is not possible that he doused the flowers with petrol every day because dousing the flowers with petrol will damage them and not help them grow.
It is not possible that he went to the supermarket to pray because supermarkets are not places to pray
It is not possible that he went to the supermarket to pray because supermarkets are a place for shopping
It is not possible that he went to the supermarket to pray because supermarket does not have god's statue to pray in front of.
It is not possible that he carved a bird out of soy sauce because soy sauce is liquid and cannot be carved
It is not possible that he carved a bird out of soy sauce because you can't carve things on liquid
It is not possible that he carved a bird out of soy sauce because soy sauce is a liquid material.
It is not possible that she smeared flour on her face because flour is not cosmetic and cannot be used on the face
It is not possible that she smeared flour on her face because flour is not something that goes on the body.
It is not possible that she smeared flour on her face because flour does not belong on the face, it belongs in baking.
It is not possible that she put on makeup in front of the wall because the walls can't illuminate people's appearance
It is not possible that she put on makeup in front of the wall because it is difficult to apply makeup without watching one's reflection.
It is not possible that she put on makeup in front of the wall because a person would put makeup on where they could see themselves, thus, not in front of a wall.
It is not possible that he put his hat on his feet because a hat is worn on the head
It is not possible that he put his hat on his feet because to put hat it requires necessary surface
It is not possible that he put his hat on his feet because we pu shoes on feet not hat.
It is not possible that sister likes sweet food, so she likes lemon because lemons are very sour and not sweet at all
It is not possible that sister likes sweet food, so she likes lemon because lemon is sour
It is not possible that sister likes sweet food, so she likes lemon because lemon is sour and not sweet.
It is not possible that a loofah grows on the pumpkin vine because loofah can only grow on the vine
It is not possible that a loofah grows on the pumpkin vine because loofahs are not living organisms.
It is not possible that a loofah grows on the pumpkin vine because a loofah can only grow on a loofah vine.
It is not possible that he planted corn in water because corn doesn't grow in water
It is not possible that he planted corn in water because corn needs firm soil to grow.
It is not possible that he planted corn in water because corn is planted in soil.
It is not possible that he took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning because the repair shop can't dry clean clothes
It is not possible that he took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning because clothes need to go to a dry cleaner's to get dry cleaned.
It is not possible that he took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning because for dry cleaning one goes to a dry cleaner shop.
It is not possible that he saw coins floating out the window because coins are metal and do not float
It is not possible that he saw coins floating out the window because coins do not float.
It is not possible that he saw coins floating out the window because coins do not float
It is not possible that he missed the basketball, so he scored a point because you can only score if you put the basketball in the basket
It is not possible that he missed the basketball, so he scored a point because you do not score points by missing.
It is not possible that he missed the basketball, so he scored a point because in basketball points are scored by putting the ball inside the basket.
It is not possible that he stepped into a puddle by accident, so his shoes were not dirty because the muddy water in the puddle will dirty your shoes
It is not possible that he stepped into a puddle by accident, so his shoes were not dirty because stepping into a puddle makes your shoes dirty
It is not possible that he stepped into a puddle by accident, so his shoes were not dirty because stepping into a puddle will get your shoes wet and muddy.
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he can see clearly without glasses because when you are nearsighted, you would see things very blurry without glasses
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he can see clearly without glasses because if you are nearsighted you should wear glasses.
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he can see clearly without glasses because all visions not possible for nearsighted
It is not possible that he poured a bottle of ink into the water, which was still transparent because the ink is black and can easily dye the water black
It is not possible that he poured a bottle of ink into the water, which was still transparent because the water could not remain transparent.
It is not possible that he poured a bottle of ink into the water, which was still transparent because ink is not clear
It is not possible that he sleeps with a big tree in his arms because big trees can't be put into bedrooms
It is not possible that he sleeps with a big tree in his arms because big trees do not fit in people's arms.
It is not possible that he sleeps with a big tree in his arms because arms are not strong to hold a big tree
It is not possible that there was a shot floating on the water because the shot is heavy and will sink to the bottom
It is not possible that there was a shot floating on the water because liquids sink in water.
It is not possible that there was a shot floating on the water because only buoyant items can float on water.
It is not possible that you must wash your hair before you wash your body because it is okay to first wash your body before washing your hair
It is not possible that you must wash your hair before you wash your body because there is no rule of order in washing body parts
It is not possible that you must wash your hair before you wash your body because washing hair is a choice and not a must or a strict rule to follow
It is not possible that he put the trash can in the garbage bag because garbage bags are usually placed in trash cans, not the other way round
It is not possible that he put the trash can in the garbage bag because garbage bags go in the trash can
It is not possible that he put the trash can in the garbage bag because the trash can is bigger than garbage bag which is in possible to filled by garbage bag.
It is not possible that she thinks the milk is too iced, so she puts ice in it because putting ice into the milk will only make it more iced.
It is not possible that she thinks the milk is too iced, so she puts ice in it because putting more ice in it will make it even colder
It is not possible that she thinks the milk is too iced, so she puts ice in it because there is no sense of putting ice to milk that is too iced.
It is not possible that cherry prices skyrocketed, so he bought a lot because buying a lot cherries when the price is high is not economic
It is not possible that cherry prices skyrocketed, so he bought a lot because when prices are high people will buy less
It is not possible that cherry prices skyrocketed, so he bought a lot because he'd be spending more money instead of saving money if he bought a lot of cherries when the price skyrocketed.
It is not possible that all the americans don't like to eat tofu because there must be some americans who love tofu
It is not possible that all the americans don't like to eat tofu because many americans like tofu
It is not possible that all the americans don't like to eat tofu because not all americans eat tofu
It is not possible that the lights in the living room are broken, so they are sitting in the light because there cannot be light when the lights are broken
It is not possible that the lights in the living room are broken, so they are sitting in the light because broken lights would lead to darkness.
It is not possible that the lights in the living room are broken, so they are sitting in the light because if the lights are broken, it's dark outside.
It is not possible that the ceiling is too high so he hit his head because people usually won't hit their heads when the ceiling is high
It is not possible that the ceiling is too high so he hit his head because if the ceiling was high, you wouldnt hit your head, you would walk right through
It is not possible that the ceiling is too high so he hit his head because the ceiling being too high would make it impossible to hit his head.
It is not possible that the stool is too high, so he can't reach the table because if the stool is high enough, anyone should be able to reach the table
It is not possible that the stool is too high, so he can't reach the table because the stool doesn't have anything to do how high the table is
It is not possible that the stool is too high, so he can't reach the table because he can reach anything high
It is not possible that he is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet because if one is tall enough, he or she should be able to reach the top of the cabinet
It is not possible that he is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet because reaching the cabinet while being tall is what you want.
It is not possible that he is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet because if he were tall, height wouldn't be a problem.
It is not possible that the bulb has been used for a long time, so it has become brighter because bulbs used for a long time normally become darker, not brighter
It is not possible that the bulb has been used for a long time, so it has become brighter because the bulb is worn out so it becomes darker.
It is not possible that the bulb has been used for a long time, so it has become brighter because the bulb used for a long time will automatically brings down the brightness
It is not possible that the phone is dead, so it is turned on because the phone can't turn on when it is dead because there is no power
It is not possible that the phone is dead, so it is turned on because when a phone is dead it is considered off and malfunctioning.
It is not possible that the phone is dead, so it is turned on because a dead phone cannot be turned on
It is not possible that she uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows because eyelash brush is used to brush eyelashes, not to paint eyebrows
It is not possible that she uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows because eyebrows are not painted
It is not possible that she uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows because eyelash is for eyelashes
It is not possible that he put the earrings in his eyes because earrings should be put on ears, not eyes
It is not possible that he put the earrings in his eyes because earring are made to go on ears.
It is not possible that he put the earrings in his eyes because people put earrings in their ears.
It is not possible that he sent his 70-year-old mother to a kindergarten because kindergarten is for children, not the old
It is not possible that he sent his 70-year-old mother to a kindergarten because kindergarten is for children about 5 years old.
It is not possible that he sent his 70-year-old mother to a kindergarten because kindergardten is a place for children
It is not possible that the smoke alarm rang because there was light because smoke alarms are sensitive to smoke, not light
It is not possible that the smoke alarm rang because there was light because the smoke alarm rang because smoke was detected
It is not possible that the smoke alarm rang because there was light because light and smoke are two different things.
It is not possible that she looked up and saw her feet because the foot is the lowest part of the body and you need to look down to see
It is not possible that she looked up and saw her feet because a person's feet would be what you see when you look down, not up
It is not possible that she looked up and saw her feet because feet are at the bottom of the body.
It is not possible that we can always see stars when we look up at night because we cannot see stars if the weather is not good
It is not possible that we can always see stars when we look up at night because the atmosphere is never consistent
It is not possible that we can always see stars when we look up at night because stars are not seen in a cloudy sky.
It is not possible that she put some bees over her pancake because bee is a kind of insect and cannot be eaten
It is not possible that she put some bees over her pancake because bees are not edible and should not be put on a pancake
It is not possible that she put some bees over her pancake because a person would not put bees on a pancake.
It is not possible that he takes the school bus to the hospital every day because school buses usually take people to the school, not the hospital
It is not possible that he takes the school bus to the hospital every day because school bus takes to school
It is not possible that he takes the school bus to the hospital every day because you don't take the school bus to the hospital.
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes because the air conditioning doesn't have the function of sucking off fumes
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes because an air conditioner is not designed to suck off the fumes.
It is not possible that he turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes because air conditioners don't suck fumes
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because sugar doesn't have the function of relieving people's fatigue.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because sugar doesn't relieve fatigue.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because coffee does not contain sugar unless it is added.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because communication through the internet is not the only way for people to communicate with each other.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because caffeine  present in coffee refreshes people.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because sugar gives you a momentary lift of energy.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because too many candies will cause toothache.
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because coffee does not contain sugar
It is not possible that coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar because it helps people contains caffeine
It is not possible that eating too much makes people slim because eating too many causes great storage of fat.
It is not possible that eating too much makes people slim because people remain slim by controlling how much they eat
It is not possible that eating too much makes people slim because eating too much food causes people to gain weight.
It is not possible that i took some landscape photos at home because landscape photos cannot be taken at home because there is no landscape at home.
It is not possible that i took some landscape photos at home because there is no landscape inside your home.
It is not possible that i took some landscape photos at home because a home setting does not have a landscape
It is not possible that people should smoke more because smoking is bad for our health, so we should smoke fewer.
It is not possible that people should smoke more because smoke more will harmful to health
It is not possible that people should smoke more because smoking is bad
It is not possible that chinese people can travel to america by train because there is no railway between china and america.
It is not possible that chinese people can travel to america by train because china is too far from america to travel by train.
It is not possible that chinese people can travel to america by train because trains do not travel through water.
It is not possible that we can laugh loudly in public places because laughing loudly will bother other people.
It is not possible that we can laugh loudly in public places because laughing loudly in public places is rude
It is not possible that we can laugh loudly in public places because laughing loudly in public places would is distracting and disruptive for others.
It is not possible that we don't have to mute our mobile phones in the library because phone rings will disturb people who are concentrating on reading.
It is not possible that we don't have to mute our mobile phones in the library because libraries are quiet places
It is not possible that we don't have to mute our mobile phones in the library because there is not rule about mobile phones.
It is not possible that eating is allowed in the subway because the smell of food may cause discomfort to other passengers.
It is not possible that eating is allowed in the subway because subways are gross and shouldn't be used to eat on.
It is not possible that eating is allowed in the subway because eating in the subway would be gross
It is not possible that we must spit anywhere if we want because spiting anywhere will give rise to the spreading of the bacterium.
It is not possible that we must spit anywhere if we want because spitting is viewed as gross.
It is not possible that we must spit anywhere if we want because spitting in some places is considered rude, and may be illegal.
It is not possible that playing too much computer games doesn't cause damages to our eyes because playing too much games results in eyestrain and decline of eyesight.
It is not possible that playing too much computer games doesn't cause damages to our eyes because anything in excess is bad and could cause damages.
It is not possible that playing too much computer games doesn't cause damages to our eyes because computer screens radiate a frequency that its hurtful for eyes and sight
It is not possible that reading cannot help us broaden our horizon because reading helps to increase our knowledge and information and thus broaden our horizon.
It is not possible that reading cannot help us broaden our horizon because reading enables us to broaden our horizon
It is not possible that reading cannot help us broaden our horizon because reading allows people to experience many perspectives outside of their own.
It is not possible that old people are encouraged to play extreme sports because extreme sports involve a high risk of heart disease which is common in old people.
It is not possible that old people are encouraged to play extreme sports because old people are too fragile
It is not possible that old people are encouraged to play extreme sports because extreme sports are not safe for old people.
It is not possible that piano is a kind of sport because you can produce music when pressing keys on the piano so it is an instrument.
It is not possible that piano is a kind of sport because piano is a musical instrument, it is used in songs,parties,films etc to produce different musical tones.
It is not possible that piano is a kind of sport because piano is an art form.
It is not possible that he smiles when he gets mad because people smile usually when they feel happy and satisfied but not mad.
It is not possible that he smiles when he gets mad because you don't smile when you get angry.
It is not possible that he smiles when he gets mad because people do not smile when they get mad.
It is not possible that advertisement provides us with the latest news and events because advertisement informs people about new products rather than news and events.
It is not possible that advertisement provides us with the latest news and events because advertisement's contain ads for products or services.
It is not possible that advertisement provides us with the latest news and events because latest news and events are opposite from advertisements.
It is not possible that recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits because recreation centers offer facilities for people to relax, but museums offer exhibits
It is not possible that recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits because the recreation center is for exercising.
It is not possible that recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits because recreation centers do not have exhibits.
It is not possible that it is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms because students usually have a fixed schedule when taking courses in traditional classrooms.
It is not possible that it is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms because we have to adhere to strict rules in traditional classrooms.
It is not possible that it is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms because traditional classrooms are structured
It is not possible that textbooks are portable and eco-friendly because the paper pages of textbooks are made from wood, which is not eco-friendly, but the electronic book is.
It is not possible that textbooks are portable and eco-friendly because text books are not eco friendly because they require a lot of paper to make them
It is not possible that textbooks are portable and eco-friendly because printing and binding textbooks does not help the environment
It is not possible that car fumes don't create air pollution because car fumes mainly consist of hydrocarbon which pollutes the air.
It is not possible that car fumes don't create air pollution because pollution is caused by fumes.
It is not possible that car fumes don't create air pollution because fumes from cars release toxic gases into the air
It is not possible that human activities do not pollute the air and water because human creates a household and industrial waste which causes environmental problems.
It is not possible that human activities do not pollute the air and water because humans affect their surroundings.
It is not possible that human activities do not pollute the air and water because human waste pollutes
It is not possible that nowadays, most people live shorter than they did in the past because most people are having a better life and thus live longer.
It is not possible that nowadays, most people live shorter than they did in the past because nowadays, medicine and health care is better than ever so people live longer.
It is not possible that nowadays, most people live shorter than they did in the past because through research and medical advances, people are living longer than they ever have.
It is not possible that fast food is healthier than home-cooked food because fast food usually contains too much fat and sugar, which increases the risk of heart disease and blood pressure.
It is not possible that fast food is healthier than home-cooked food because fast food is bad for your health
It is not possible that fast food is healthier than home-cooked food because there are more nutrients in home cooked food.
It is not possible that working overtime is common and not that serious because working overtime results in great pressure and serious health problems.
It is not possible that working overtime is common and not that serious because working overtime will burn you out.
It is not possible that working overtime is common and not that serious because working overtime is not that common
It is not possible that students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want because it will do harm to their eyesight if they spend too much time in front of a screen.
It is not possible that students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want because students should spend time studying, not on their phones.
It is not possible that students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want because mobile phones destroy the future of children.
It is not possible that this peaked cap smells cool and fashionable because peaked cap doesn't have a particular smell.
It is not possible that this peaked cap smells cool and fashionable because cool and fashionable doesn't have a scent
It is not possible that this peaked cap smells cool and fashionable because the cap doesn't smell
It is not possible that take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees celsius outdoors because an overcoat is a thick warm coat that keeps you warm in cold condition.
It is not possible that take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees celsius outdoors because 5 degrees celsius is really cold and you need a coat.
It is not possible that take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees celsius outdoors because you'll be cold if you take off your overcoat when it's 5 degrees celsius outside
It is not possible that in cold weather, humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm because humans do not have a habit of hibernating, but the snake has
It is not possible that in cold weather, humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm because humans never hibernate.
It is not possible that in cold weather, humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm because humans do not hibernate.
It is not possible that whales can live on land because whales are sea creatures and can only live in the sea.
It is not possible that whales can live on land because whales can live in water
It is not possible that whales can live on land because whales cannot live on land because their bodies are only equipped to survive in water.
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish breaths through gills which cannot absorb oxygen on land.
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish are not air breathers
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish don't have lungs.
It is not possible that if you played too much, you could pass the exam because if a student plays too much and is not hardworking, he has less chance to pass the exam.
It is not possible that if you played too much, you could pass the exam because playing is distracting from studying.
It is not possible that if you played too much, you could pass the exam because playing helps to strengthen the body
It is not possible that money can solve every single problem that people encounter because money is not everything, and for example, it cannot solve the death problem.
It is not possible that money can solve every single problem that people encounter because money can't cure an incurable disease.
It is not possible that money can solve every single problem that people encounter because money cannot solve problems
It is not possible that theory alone makes perfect because theory without practice is idle but empty.
It is not possible that theory alone makes perfect because theory is proved perfect only though practice
It is not possible that theory alone makes perfect because theory is not complete until put to practice
It is not possible that boys should have priority to receive education because we live in a society of gender equality, so girls also have the rights to receive education.
It is not possible that boys should have priority to receive education because boys are not the only ones that need priority to receive an education
It is not possible that boys should have priority to receive education because girls can come first as well.
It is not possible that i choose to attend a local university so that i can live away from home because a university in the local city is actually near your home.
It is not possible that i choose to attend a local university so that i can live away from home because if you chose a local university it means it is closer to home.
It is not possible that i choose to attend a local university so that i can live away from home because living locally is close to home.
It is not possible that mike is such a hypocritical person that he's well-liked among friends because a hypothetical person always lies to others, and people usually don't like to make friends with a liar.
It is not possible that mike is such a hypocritical person that he's well-liked among friends because being a hypocrite is not something that people like.
It is not possible that mike is such a hypocritical person that he's well-liked among friends because people generally don't enjoy hypocrisy
It is not possible that parents should allow their children to watch more tv because watching too much tv is harmful to children's eyesight and thus should be controlled.
It is not possible that parents should allow their children to watch more tv because there are much better activities for children
It is not possible that parents should allow their children to watch more tv because exercise is important to stay healthy.
It is not possible that jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs because a thriftless person is incompetent in handling money and tends to waste money.
It is not possible that jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs because those who are not economical do not spend on what they really need
It is not possible that jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs because jeff doesn't make good financial choices
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because teachers will never encourage and praise any absence from school.
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because repeated absence from school can cause your grades to decline.
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because repeated absences are not praised.
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because if parents satisfy every need of their children, children will be spoiled.
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because you need to attend school to succeed
It is not possible that tom is praised for his repeated absence from school because absence from school is a negative trait and negatively affects students
It is not possible that during the race, mr. taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker because a loudspeaker is used to announce things or play music rather than talking.
It is not possible that during the race, mr. taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker because one cannot chat during race.
It is not possible that during the race, mr. taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker because the driver can't hear mr. taylor over the loud speaker
It is not possible that boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue because boiled water does not contain substance that keeps people refreshed and eliminates fatigue, but the tee does
It is not possible that boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue because boiling water is too hot for comsumption.
It is not possible that boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue because not stating how the water is used negates the rest of the sentence.
It is not possible that jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator because jumping and bouncing in the elevator may result in malfunction.
It is not possible that jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator because for safety reasons, jumping and bouncing would never be allowed in an elevator.
It is not possible that jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator because you cannot jump and bounce in an elevator as this bothers others and is dangerous.
It is not possible that the poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes because the poor cannot earn as much money as the wealthy, so they are not required to pay that much taxes.
It is not possible that the poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes because the poor cannot afford more in taxes.
It is not possible that the poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes because poor people are suffer even to earn little more money.
It is not possible that a coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave because a coward is not at all brave and thus will not be admired.
It is not possible that a coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave because a coward does not take risks; his actions do not result in being brave
It is not possible that a coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave because a coward by definition is not an extremely brave person, therefore if a person is a coward they wouldn't be admired for being brave.
It is not possible that romance movie is exciting and a little violent because romance movie is mostly romantic love stories, so it isn't exciting nor violent.
It is not possible that romance movie is exciting and a little violent because romance movies are romantic.
It is not possible that romance movie is exciting and a little violent because romance movies tend to be slow moving and boring
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because typically young teachers devote to education for fewer years than old teachers, so their teaching experience is less.
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because old teachers  are more aged and so have more experience than young teachers.
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because young teachers tend to be more energetic than older teachers
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because a park is an area of public land in a town or a city where people go to walk, play and relax.
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because young teachers have less experience because they've been working less time than old teachers.
It is not possible that young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers because older teachers have more knowledge and have more expirience
It is not possible that if you heat water to 100 degrees, it freezes because water freezes under zero degree, so it will never freeze when the temperature was 100 degree.
It is not possible that if you heat water to 100 degrees, it freezes because water freezes only when it is heated to 212 degrees.
It is not possible that if you heat water to 100 degrees, it freezes because in order to freeze water you need to lower the temperature drastically, not raise it.
It is not possible that if we cannot locate the book we want in the library, we can ask the cook for help because a cook is a person whose job is to prepare and cook food, so he isn't specially trained to work in a library.
It is not possible that if we cannot locate the book we want in the library, we can ask the cook for help because unlikely you will find a cook wowrking in the library
It is not possible that if we cannot locate the book we want in the library, we can ask the cook for help because cooks do not work in the library
It is not possible that a swarm of bees walked into the garden because bees are not used to walking. instead, they have wings to fly.
It is not possible that a swarm of bees walked into the garden because bees are insects that fly.
It is not possible that a swarm of bees walked into the garden because bees can fly into a garden.
It is not possible that the art gallery was broken into last night, and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings because policemen arrest thieves, so they don't steal valuable paintings.
It is not possible that the art gallery was broken into last night, and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings because policeman would not rob a gallery
It is not possible that the art gallery was broken into last night, and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings because policies don't steal, and return theft.
It is not possible that he put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour because silt is fine sand, soil, or mud which is carried along by a river, so it cannot be used as a seasoning.
It is not possible that he put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour because putting silt in a soup would make it innedible
It is not possible that he put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour because silt would not improve the flavour of the soup
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because typically we drive a submarine underwater rather than a boat.
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because it would not be possible to take a boat under a river because it would sink.
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because boats float on top of water.
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because when the traffic signals turn red, it shows that you must stop.
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because boats do not go under water.
It is not possible that last sunday, my family took a boat under the river because boats sail over the river, not under.
It is not possible that helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife because a hospital is a place where people who are very ill or injured are treated by doctors and nurses.
It is not possible that helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife because helen was the attacker in this situation.
It is not possible that helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife because helen committed a crime and went to prison
It is not possible that freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk because freshwater has no taste and thus isn't salty at all.
It is not possible that freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk because freshwater is not salty.
It is not possible that freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk because the candy can't be salty
It is not possible that play outside when typhoon attacks because it is dangerous to play outside when typhoon attacks because you will get hurt.
It is not possible that play outside when typhoon attacks because typhoon is a cyclone which blows away everything on it's which doesn't make it possible to play outside.
It is not possible that play outside when typhoon attacks because being outside during a typhoon is incredibly dangerous and possibly fatal.
It is not possible that please turn on the light when you leave because it's a waste of electricity if you turn on the light when you leave.
It is not possible that please turn on the light when you leave because you would not want to pay to have the light on when you are not there.
It is not possible that please turn on the light when you leave because one turns out the light while leaving the room to save power.
It is not possible that oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live because oxygen is very important, without which people and animals cannot breathe.
It is not possible that oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live because people and animalls cannot live without oxygen.
It is not possible that oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live because oxygen is the main as people and animals breathe
It is not possible that people are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside because it will pollute the marine environment if people throw rubbish into the sea.
It is not possible that people are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside because throwing rubbish into the sea would ruin the environment
It is not possible that people are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside because littering is frowned upon.
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because dolphin swims in the sea; it doesn't have limbs to walk on land.
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because dolphins do not have feet nor can they slither, and cannot breathe for long out of the water so they are not land animals.
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because dolphins live in the sea and therefore are not land mammals
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because an actor performs on the stage or in films rather than produce a film as a director.
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because dolphin floats or swims in the water hence is a aquatic mammal who is very intelligent and often friendly fish towards humans.
It is not possible that dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans because dolphins are mammals but do not live on land
It is not possible that the media can hype or misrepresent the facts because if the media hypes or misrepresents the facts, people will be misled and fail to make the correct judgment.
It is not possible that the media can hype or misrepresent the facts because the media is supposed to represent facts.
It is not possible that the media can hype or misrepresent the facts because the media should be an unbiased source of information.
It is not possible that i am able to be on duty this morning when i have to pick up my mother at the airport because it is not possible for a person to deal with two things at the same time in different places.
It is not possible that i am able to be on duty this morning when i have to pick up my mother at the airport because i'm not free since i have to pick up my mother at the airport
It is not possible that i am able to be on duty this morning when i have to pick up my mother at the airport because a body does not occupy two spaces at the same time.
It is not possible that because of his excellent work, he was dismissed from the boss because the boss praises his employee for his excellent work rather than dismiss him.
It is not possible that because of his excellent work, he was dismissed from the boss because excellent work does not get you fired.
It is not possible that because of his excellent work, he was dismissed from the boss because you don't get dismissed for excellent work.
It is not possible that my parents always punished me when i did well at school because parents punish their kids only when they behave badly or commit serious mistakes.
It is not possible that my parents always punished me when i did well at school because punishment is no reward
It is not possible that my parents always punished me when i did well at school because it does not make sense for parents to punish their children for succeeding because they naturally want them to do well.
It is not possible that a flower may blossom again, and a person can also get young again because a person can never get young again as he cannot turn back the clock.
It is not possible that a flower may blossom again, and a person can also get young again because a person only gets older, and cannot get younger
It is not possible that a flower may blossom again, and a person can also get young again because humans age in a natural process that does not involve re-blooming as flowers may do.
It is not possible that i am laughing because i am so sad because usually, you weep if you're sad.
It is not possible that i am laughing because i am so sad because a sad person will never laugh.
It is not possible that i am laughing because i am so sad because we cry when we are sad
It is not possible that i talked to her a few days after she died because if a person died, he could never speak again.
It is not possible that i talked to her a few days after she died because you cant talk to her if she was already dead
It is not possible that i talked to her a few days after she died because one cannot speak to a dead person.
It is not possible that you can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus because it makes people mad when someone jumps the queue, and it is impolite to do so.
It is not possible that you can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus because people will be mad at you if you jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus.
It is not possible that you can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus because buses and taxis do not have queues that you are able to jump.
It is not possible that i can enter my house as i lost my key because if you lost your key, you cannot open the door.
It is not possible that i can enter my house as i lost my key because if you locked your house and lost your key you cannot get in.
It is not possible that i can enter my house as i lost my key because without a key you can't unlock your door
It is not possible that i went to paris on foot from china because it is impossible to walk to paris since it situates in western europe not in asia.
It is not possible that i went to paris on foot from china because you cannot reach paris by foot from china.
It is not possible that i went to paris on foot from china because you cannot walk to paris from china.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because lebron james plays basketball. he doesn't play football.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because lebron is a well known iconic basketball player.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because lebron hames does not play football.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because caster sugar tastes sweet, but not spicy.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because lebron james plays basketball.
It is not possible that lebron james is an american professional football player because lebron james is a basketball player
It is not possible that in summer, one of my favorite food is hot water because hot water cannot make you feel cool in summer.
It is not possible that in summer, one of my favorite food is hot water because it would make a person feel very hot if he drinks hot wster in summer.
It is not possible that in summer, one of my favorite food is hot water because hot water is not a food.
It is not possible that my mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid because a tiger is dangerous and fierce, which cannot be kept as a pet.
It is not possible that my mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid because tigers cannot be kept at home.
It is not possible that my mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid because tigers are not children and can harm you or kill you.
It is not possible that many plants and trees grow in the desert because water resource is limited in the desert, so not many plants and trees can take root and survive.
It is not possible that many plants and trees grow in the desert because the desert does not usually have enough water to support plants.
It is not possible that many plants and trees grow in the desert because you'll find very few plants and trees growing in the desert.
It is not possible that sleep is my bread and butter because sleep is the natural state of rest which enables your body to rest. it doesn't provide you with money that you need in order to live.
It is not possible that sleep is my bread and butter because you do not get paid to sleep
It is not possible that sleep is my bread and butter because bread and butter refers to work that pays one's bills, sleep is not likely to be something one is paid for.
It is not possible that the firm has over 500 employers because an employer of a firm is a person that pays people to work, so usually it is unlikely that there are 500 employers.
It is not possible that the firm has over 500 employers because employer keeps employees for their company ,it is possible that a firm can have 1-5 employers but not 500.
It is not possible that the firm has over 500 employers because companies do not generally have over 500 employers.
It is not possible that a penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the arctic because though the climate of the north pole and the south pole is similar, there are no penguins found in the north pole.
It is not possible that a penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the arctic because there are no penguins in the arctic.
It is not possible that a penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the arctic because penguins live in antarctica.
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because the preferred habitat of polar bears is the annual sea ice covering the waters, so they cannot survive in the tropics.
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because tropical climates are warm, generally animals that live their do not need fur.
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because polar bears do not live in what would generally be considered "the tropics."
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because dinosaurs lived in prehistoric times, but they are extinct now.
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because polar bears live in the poles not in the tropics (that are really warm)
It is not possible that polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics because polar bears live in cold climates and the tropics are warm
It is not possible that he works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest because it is unlikely for people to commute to the deep of the forest to work.
It is not possible that he works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest because financial companies do not work in the middle of the forest
It is not possible that he works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest because companies are not built in forests.
It is not possible that it seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky because usually, there are no dark clouds when the weather clears up.
It is not possible that it seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky because dark clouds block the sun
It is not possible that it seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky because dark clouds block sunlight.
It is not possible that you'd better drive fast when it rains heavily because speeding up on a rainy day can easily lead to a car accident.
It is not possible that you'd better drive fast when it rains heavily because when it's raining it is dangerous to drive fast.
It is not possible that you'd better drive fast when it rains heavily because it is best to drive slow during heavy rain.
It is not possible that the usa is a great country that lies in asia because the usa lies in north america.
It is not possible that the usa is a great country that lies in asia because the usa is in north america
It is not possible that the usa is a great country that lies in asia because the usa is country which is the part of north america continent.
It is not possible that staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day because if you stay up late at night, you will be exhausted in the next day.
It is not possible that staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day because if you stay up late you might sleep all day.
It is not possible that staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day because staying up late doesn't help with work
It is not possible that he is as a fish out of water among friends because friends are people who you know well and like, so you tend to feel relaxed among them.
It is not possible that he is as a fish out of water among friends because you should feel comfortable around friends.
It is not possible that he is as a fish out of water among friends because friends are people who you are familiar with, so you wouldn't feel out of place among them.
It is not possible that young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu because young adults are stronger than old people, so they are less vulnerable to the flu.
It is not possible that young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu because young adults have a strong immune system and therefore are not susceptible to the flu
It is not possible that young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu because older people have a weaker immune system
It is not possible that children don't need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside because children are not mature enough to be legally responsible for their actions.
It is not possible that children don't need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside because children need chaperones so they stay safe.
It is not possible that children don't need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside because children face harmful situation when travel alone
It is not possible that the early bird catches the cat because birds don't catch cats; instead, they will be hunted and killed by cats.
It is not possible that the early bird catches the cat because a  bird is too weaktp catch a cat.
It is not possible that the early bird catches the cat because a bird who is up early sees the first worm and catches it.
It is not possible that it's of great use crying over spilled milk because spilled milk can hardly be gathered up like before; in other words, what is done cannot be undone.
It is not possible that it's of great use crying over spilled milk because adding more mess to clean up if you cry over it
It is not possible that it's of great use crying over spilled milk because crying over spilled milks gets you nothing
It is not possible that light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting because light music is soft and relaxing and thus doesn't have strong beats.
It is not possible that light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting because light music is calming and soft
It is not possible that light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting because light music is quieter than that.
It is not possible that i can see the breeze across my face because the breeze has no substance and can't be seen.
It is not possible that i can see the breeze across my face because breeze is not visible.
It is not possible that i can see the breeze across my face because the wind is invisible.
It is not possible that when people are thirsty, they will eat biscuits because biscuits are too dry to quench thirst.
It is not possible that when people are thirsty, they will eat biscuits because cookies don't quench thirst
It is not possible that when people are thirsty, they will eat biscuits because they will choke on a biscuit if they eat it while thirsty
It is not possible that i go to the library to sing because the library is not the place to sing and can't make any noise.
It is not possible that i go to the library to sing because the library is a place where silence is required
It is not possible that i go to the library to sing because singing in a library is not allowed.
It is not possible that human beings walk on all fours because human beings are animals that walk upright on two feet.
It is not possible that human beings walk on all fours because dogs walk on all fours, men are bipedes
It is not possible that human beings walk on all fours because humans walk on their two legs.
It is not possible that farmers often sow in winter because winter is too cold for seeds to survive and grow.
It is not possible that farmers often sow in winter because famers can't sow in winter, because nothing will grow.
It is not possible that farmers often sow in winter because seeds will not germinate in the cold weather sow they need to be sowed when the weather is warm enough for them to grow, which is not in the winter.
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he put on his coat because the coat can keep warm and will not be worn when it is hot.
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he put on his coat because one wears a coat when is cold.
It is not possible that he felt very hot, so he put on his coat because casual dress more suits during hot days
It is not possible that salt smells salty because saltiness cannot be judged by smell and salt has no special smell.
It is not possible that salt smells salty because salt does not have an odor
It is not possible that salt smells salty because you can't smell if something is salty tasting.
It is not possible that he didn't reach the rank, so he got the certificate because certificates can only be issued to people whose scores meet the rank.
It is not possible that he didn't reach the rank, so he got the certificate because he needs to reach the rank to get the certificate.
It is not possible that he didn't reach the rank, so he got the certificate because certificate is a proof of victory or position
It is not possible that his beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy because no one will be happy to lose the one they love most.
It is not possible that his beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy because he was close to his wife so he was in anguish at her death.
It is not possible that his beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy because he would be sad if he loved his wife.
It is not possible that he cooks in the bathroom because bathroom is not the place for cooking, but for bathing.
It is not possible that he cooks in the bathroom because cooking is done in the kitchen
It is not possible that he cooks in the bathroom because the bathroom is for taking showers, brushing teeth, and taking care of toiletries.
It is not possible that the core of the banana is too hard to eat because the core of banana is small and soft and can be eaten directly.
It is not possible that the core of the banana is too hard to eat because bananas do not have pits.
It is not possible that the core of the banana is too hard to eat because a banana is a soft fruit with no hard core.
It is not possible that the lake froze because the temperature was too high because high temperature will make water boil instead of freeze.
It is not possible that the lake froze because the temperature was too high because frozen situation is in very low temperature
It is not possible that the lake froze because the temperature was too high because high temperatures do not cause things to freeze.
It is not possible that when you feel hot, you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner because raising the temperature of the air conditioner will only make you feel hotter.
It is not possible that when you feel hot, you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner because raising the temperature of the air conditioner will make the room hotter.
It is not possible that when you feel hot, you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner because raising the temperture of the air conditioner would result in the air being warmer, therefore if one wants cooler air, lowering the tempurature of the air conditioning would make the air cooler.
It is not possible that when you get fat, you are eating junk food because you may get fat for many reasons, not just eating junk food.
It is not possible that when you get fat, you are eating junk food because medical conditions can cause weight gain
It is not possible that when you get fat, you are eating junk food because not only can food make you fat, but countless other problems
It is not possible that when you feel very spicy, you need to eat a chili pepper because chili pepper will make you feel spicier.
It is not possible that when you feel very spicy, you need to eat a chili pepper because fire doesn't put out fire
It is not possible that when you feel very spicy, you need to eat a chili pepper because chili pepper will increase more spiciness, change the taste, eat something like sweets , or something salty which will help in reducing spiciness
It is not possible that you can wash your hair with detergent because detergent is used to clean tableware
It is not possible that you can wash your hair with detergent because detergent will hurt your hair.
It is not possible that you can wash your hair with detergent because detergent is used to wash clothing or dishes, but it is not intended for washing hair.
It is not possible that in order to save water, i turned on the tap because turning on the tap will cause more water loss.
It is not possible that in order to save water, i turned on the tap because turning on the tap does not save water
It is not possible that in order to save water, i turned on the tap because turning on the tap uses more water
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam because i missed the flight because missing the flight can't cause a traffic jam.
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam because i missed the flight because missing a flight woud not cause a traffic jam.
It is not possible that there was a traffic jam because i missed the flight because traffic isn't caused by someone missing their flight
It is not possible that he likes swimming on the grass nearby because there is no water on the grass and it is impossible to swim.
It is not possible that he likes swimming on the grass nearby because you cannot swim in grass.
It is not possible that he likes swimming on the grass nearby because in order to swim you need a body of water
It is not possible that a driver's license is required for calling cards now because the driver's license cannot handle the phone card.
It is not possible that a driver's license is required for calling cards now because calling cards don't require a license
It is not possible that a driver's license is required for calling cards now because any form of id is required for calling cards, not just driver licenses.
It is not possible that there is a red light ahead, you can drive through because traffic regulations stipulate that you must stop when there is a red light, but across when there is a green light
It is not possible that there is a red light ahead, you can drive through because red lights mean you need to stop.
It is not possible that there is a red light ahead, you can drive through because red lights may not be driven through.
It is not possible that bathing can wash my skin off because the skin is a part of the human body and cannot be washed away.
It is not possible that bathing can wash my skin off because its very unlikely to loose your skin during bath.
It is not possible that bathing can wash my skin off because skin does not wash off the body
It is not possible that there is a dog dancing on a flower because the flower is too small for a dog to dance on
It is not possible that there is a dog dancing on a flower because dogs are much larger than flowers.
It is not possible that there is a dog dancing on a flower because a flower is too small for a dog to dance on.
It is not possible that when it rained, i didn't bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry because if you don't take an umbrella, you will be caught in the rain and your clothes will get wet.
It is not possible that when it rained, i didn't bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry because rain would make my clothes wet
It is not possible that when it rained, i didn't bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry because if it rains, it wets
It is not possible that he was often late, so he won the attendance award because frequent lateness counts as absence from work and cannot be awarded the attendance award.
It is not possible that he was often late, so he won the attendance award because the attendance award is given to people who always attend and are on time
It is not possible that he was often late, so he won the attendance award because attendance awards are given to those who show up on time.
It is not possible that he is a cook, so he drives every day because the job of driving is done by the driver.
It is not possible that he is a cook, so he drives every day because a cook's primary job is to make food, and not drive.
It is not possible that he is a cook, so he drives every day because a cook's job is cooking
It is not possible that we often use a spatula to eat noodles because the spatula is used for cooking but not eating
It is not possible that we often use a spatula to eat noodles because a spatula cannot grab noodles as it is known for being smooth and slippery.
It is not possible that we often use a spatula to eat noodles because noodles fall off of spatulas
It is not possible that we will not wear clothes when we attend banquets because it is very indecent not to wear clothes, especially on occasions like banquets.
It is not possible that we will not wear clothes when we attend banquets because not wearing any clothing is not socially acceptable
It is not possible that we will not wear clothes when we attend banquets because when you attend a banquet you often where formal wear.
It is not possible that alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers because the law stipulates that alcohol can't be sold to teenagers.
It is not possible that alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers because the age restriction for buying alcohol is older than a teenager.
It is not possible that alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers because alcoholic beverages are illegal for teenagers
It is not possible that we are asking people to support companies that use child labor because employing child labor is not only illegal but also harmful to children and should not be supported.
It is not possible that we are asking people to support companies that use child labor because child labor is bad.
It is not possible that we are asking people to support companies that use child labor because child labor is often frowned upon
It is not possible that the kid is walking with a brisk pace, and his grandpa can easily keep up with him because grandpa is older and moves slowly, so it is difficult to walk very fast.
It is not possible that the kid is walking with a brisk pace, and his grandpa can easily keep up with him because grandpas usually walk slow.
It is not possible that the kid is walking with a brisk pace, and his grandpa can easily keep up with him because grandpa's are know for walking slower, not at a brisk pace.
It is not possible that if you want the audience to laugh, you should say something frightening because saying frightening things does not make people laugh.
It is not possible that if you want the audience to laugh, you should say something frightening because if someone says frightening, audience will get frightened not they will not laugh for sure.
It is not possible that if you want the audience to laugh, you should say something frightening because if you say something frightening, the audience will run away. they won't laugh. so the sentence is nonsensical
It is not possible that he has been resting, so he soon learned to swim because rest will not enable one to master swimming skills.
It is not possible that he has been resting, so he soon learned to swim because resting does not result in learning how to swim
It is not possible that he has been resting, so he soon learned to swim because if you don't practice, you won't learn to swim.
It is not possible that people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings because tyranny is the exploitation and oppression of the people and can't bring them a peaceful and prosperous life.
It is not possible that people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings because under the tyranny of kings people are afraid
It is not possible that people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings because a king who is a tyrant does not include a peaceful life.
It is not possible that the principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud because clouds can't be used to generate electricity and windmills don't use clouds either.
It is not possible that the principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud because windmills use the power of winds to generate power
It is not possible that the principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud because clouds would not produce any wind on their own to generate electricity.
It is not possible that huge glaciers can be seen at the equator because the equator is so hot that glaciers can't exist.
It is not possible that huge glaciers can be seen at the equator because it is too hot at the equator for glaciers
It is not possible that huge glaciers can be seen at the equator because the equator is very hot, glaciers would melt there
It is not possible that he has a good reputation because he often bullies others because people who bully others generally don't get a good evaluation so they don't have a good reputation.
It is not possible that he has a good reputation because he often bullies others because bullies are mean to people and torment them.
It is not possible that he has a good reputation because he often bullies others because bullies are not nice to people so therefore they do not have good reputations.
It is not possible that we should keep the salt in a moist place because salt is soluble in water and moist places dissolve the salt.
It is not possible that we should keep the salt in a moist place because if salt gets moist it loses its texture.
It is not possible that we should keep the salt in a moist place because salt would begin dissolving in a moist place.
It is not possible that a autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony because an autocratic society will not allow multiple views to exist.
It is not possible that a autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony because autocratic society only allows one view
It is not possible that a autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony because autocratic is systematic
It is not possible that the failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow because the failure of capital raising means that a sum of money is missing and a good opportunity for the company to grow is lost.
It is not possible that the failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow because when a company fails to raise capital it goes bankcrupt
It is not possible that the failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow because failure is the opposite of growth.
It is not possible that the man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop because shoe shops don't sell bread, but shoes.
It is not possible that the man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop because shoeshops sell shoes not bread.
It is not possible that the man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop because bread is not sold in a shoeshop
It is not possible that he was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen because those who betray others will not be respected by others.
It is not possible that he was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen because fellow countrymen are usually patriotic and will not revere you for your betrayal.
It is not possible that he was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen because betrayal doesn't call for reverence.
It is not possible that the film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine because taking cold medicine is not illegal and will not be arrested.
It is not possible that the film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine because cold medicine is not illegal
It is not possible that the film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine because cold medicine is not illegal.
It is not possible that burning trash purifies air quality because burning trash will produce a lot of harmful gases and can't purify the air.
It is not possible that burning trash purifies air quality because burning trash can cause toxic fumes.
It is not possible that burning trash purifies air quality because burning trash sets free a lot of toxins
It is not possible that i am weary after this long journey, and i need a dance because dancing can't eliminate tiredness, on the contrary, it will consume more physical strength.
It is not possible that i am weary after this long journey, and i need a dance because people don't dance when they're tired from long journeys, they rest.
It is not possible that i am weary after this long journey, and i need a dance because you need lots of energy to dance
It is not possible that humans can explore the universe with the ship because ships can only sail on water, not into space.
It is not possible that humans can explore the universe with the ship because the word "ship" typically refers to a sea vessel which cannot explore the universe.
It is not possible that humans can explore the universe with the ship because ships can only go in deep water
It is not possible that obese children should increase the intake of junk food because junk food has a high-calorie content, and increasing intake will lead to more obesity.
It is not possible that obese children should increase the intake of junk food because obese children may get high blood pressure if they increase their junk food intake
It is not possible that obese children should increase the intake of junk food because obesity is worsened by consuming junk food.
It is not possible that children can play near high voltage lines because electrical currents with high voltage are dangerous.
It is not possible that children can play near high voltage lines because high voltage lines are deadly and are not meant for children.
It is not possible that children can play near high voltage lines because high voltage lines are very dangerous to children.
It is not possible that his mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor because clothes scattered on the floor look messy, and no one will be happy in a messy environment.
It is not possible that his mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor because mothers do not like clothes scattered on the floor as it looks messy.
It is not possible that his mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor because a mother would typically be annoyed about clothes being left on the floor.
It is not possible that the hotel has exclusive access to the beach, and everyone can walk from here because the access which everyone can pass is public rather than exclusive.
It is not possible that the hotel has exclusive access to the beach, and everyone can walk from here because exclusive access means that everyone is not permitted, only certain people may use it.
It is not possible that the hotel has exclusive access to the beach, and everyone can walk from here because the word "exclusive" would mean that access is limited only to a certain few.
It is not possible that the injured leg has improved his ability to run because an injured leg is not conducive to movement, let alone to improve running ability.
It is not possible that the injured leg has improved his ability to run because injury causes pain and impaired movement
It is not possible that the injured leg has improved his ability to run because if you were injured, you cannot run.
It is not possible that we should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time because it is easy to damage a new machine if we tamper with it by ourselves.
It is not possible that we should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time because you could break the machine.
It is not possible that we should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time because machines may stop working if we tamper with it.
It is not possible that he often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce because a smile often denotes pleasure and friendship.
It is not possible that he often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce because fierce is not how people describe a smiling person.
It is not possible that he often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce because a smile is a friendly gesture, not fierce at all.
It is not possible that sport and recreation have always been all of university life because university life is very rich, not limited to sport and recreation.
It is not possible that sport and recreation have always been all of university life because sports are an addition to university life
It is not possible that sport and recreation have always been all of university life because sport and recreation can be part of the university life, but not all.
It is not possible that when we catch the thief, we should kill him because murder is illegal, and the thief's crime is not enough to kill him.
It is not possible that when we catch the thief, we should kill him because one has no right to take out human life.
It is not possible that when we catch the thief, we should kill him because it is not our job to kill those against the law.
It is not possible that he went to the orchard to buy books because books should be bought in bookstores, and there are generally no books in orchards.
It is not possible that he went to the orchard to buy books because they don't sell books at orchards.
It is not possible that he went to the orchard to buy books because orchards have fruits and not books
It is not possible that i can see his thoughts directly because thought is not an entity and cannot be seen with eyes.
It is not possible that i can see his thoughts directly because thoughts are not tangible objects and therefore cannot be seen.
It is not possible that i can see his thoughts directly because thoughts are not physical and can not be seen.
It is not possible that grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool because sitting directly in the sun will be very hot.
It is not possible that grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool because no one can feel cool sitting in hot sun.
It is not possible that grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool because it is hot in the sun
It is not possible that we must try our best to increase the likelihood of war because the outbreak of war has done great harm.
It is not possible that we must try our best to increase the likelihood of war because it's not ethic to increase likelihood of war.
It is not possible that we must try our best to increase the likelihood of war because people usually want to avoid war.
It is not possible that noodle can be used for making coins because noodles are a kind of food and are not suitable for making coins.
It is not possible that noodle can be used for making coins because noodles are made for eating.
It is not possible that noodle can be used for making coins because noodles are organic, don't favor making coins that should last long
It is not possible that his finger was hurt by the petal on the rose because rose petals are very soft and don't hurt people.
It is not possible that his finger was hurt by the petal on the rose because petal can not harm the hands as they are soft.
It is not possible that his finger was hurt by the petal on the rose because petals are not harmful, a rose has thorns though that are.
It is not possible that you will be unable to move if you fall into the water because water is very fluid and doesn't trap people.
It is not possible that you will be unable to move if you fall into the water because you can swim or flail in the water
It is not possible that you will be unable to move if you fall into the water because humans can swim
It is not possible that prick a hole in the paper with a thread because the thread is so soft that it can't poke the paper.
It is not possible that prick a hole in the paper with a thread because a thread is not sharp enough to prick a hole in paper.
It is not possible that prick a hole in the paper with a thread because you can even tie a paper to a line, but never stick to it.
It is not possible that the clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous because rubbish is dirty and smelly, and has no ornamental value.
It is not possible that the clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous because rubbish does not look gorgeous.
It is not possible that the clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous because rubbish means something is not up to standard
It is not possible that he was very suspicious of her, so he told her everything he knew because people usually don't open their hearts to people they don't trust.
It is not possible that he was very suspicious of her, so he told her everything he knew because if he was suspicious then he wouldn't trust her enough to tell her everything he knew.
It is not possible that he was very suspicious of her, so he told her everything he knew because if you are suspicious of someone you shouldn't tell them things.
It is not possible that he licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room because licking mud is a very dirty thing and people usually don't use their tongues to clean up the dirt.
It is not possible that he licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room because no one licks mud as it is very dirty.
It is not possible that he licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room because one would not use his/her tongue to get mud off of boots.
It is not possible that the yard is an integral part of the house because not all houses are equipped with yards.
It is not possible that the yard is an integral part of the house because the yard isn't part of the house
It is not possible that the yard is an integral part of the house because a house doesn't need a yard to be a house.
It is not possible that passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher's service during this flight because the teacher's workplace isn't on the plane.
It is not possible that passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher's service during this flight because teachers do not serve airline passengers as part of their jobs.
It is not possible that passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher's service during this flight because teachers usually don't teach at flights
It is not possible that ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely because garbage and waste can't bring nutrients to crops.
It is not possible that ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely because garbage and waste deteriorate crops.
It is not possible that ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely because garbage and waste would kill crops.
It is not possible that it's a serious crime to consign an animal into britain because it is legal to consign animals through a series of procedures.
It is not possible that it's a serious crime to consign an animal into britain because consigning an animal is not a serious crime.
It is not possible that it's a serious crime to consign an animal into britain because animals are not goods at you can consign
It is not possible that many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air because air is everywhere and human beings can't survive in areas lacking air.
It is not possible that many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air because air is abundant and not charged on the world, it is free
It is not possible that many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air because air is abundant everywhere.
It is not possible that as an irresponsible teacher, she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students because irresponsible teachers don't care too much about their students.
It is not possible that as an irresponsible teacher, she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students because an irresponsible teacher would not take the effort to know anything perfectly.
It is not possible that as an irresponsible teacher, she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students because if she were irresponsible, she wouldn't know anything.
It is not possible that the tiger has spots on its body because tigers have stripes instead of spots.
It is not possible that the tiger has spots on its body because tigers have stripes
It is not possible that the tiger has spots on its body because there are stripes on the body of the tiger.
It is not possible that the strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors because the odor of flowers doesn't cause discomfort to people.
It is not possible that the strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors because flowers have a nice smell
It is not possible that the strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors because flowers smell good.
It is not possible that he took a long bath in the pot after a day's work because pots can't be used for bathing, but for cooking.
It is not possible that he took a long bath in the pot after a day's work because toilets are not clean or large enough to take a bath in.
It is not possible that he took a long bath in the pot after a day's work because pots are too small to bathe in.
It is not possible that i twisted the rope around her injured leg because the rope had no helpful effect on the injured leg.
It is not possible that i twisted the rope around her injured leg because a rope could be used as a tourniquet.
It is not possible that i twisted the rope around her injured leg because a rope would not help an injured leg
It is not possible that the company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices because the latest device doesn't need to be replaced.
It is not possible that the company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices because latest devices has many useful options and functions which doesn't have in obsolete devices
It is not possible that the company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices because the latest devices would replace old ones
It is not possible that waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers because the water drops are too heavy for the wind to transport it too far.
It is not possible that waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers because waterdrops fall to the earth and then soak into the ground.
It is not possible that waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers because water drops fall down to the earth and cannot be transported by air
It is not possible that we should read more bad books to improve ourselves because the content of a bad book can't give us a good message to improve ourselves.
It is not possible that we should read more bad books to improve ourselves because bad books do not help with self-improvement.
It is not possible that we should read more bad books to improve ourselves because reading a bad book does not cause growth or improvement in our lives.
It is not possible that in summer, stars sparkle on the ground because the ground doesn't reflect starlight.
It is not possible that in summer, stars sparkle on the ground because the floor cannot reflect the brightness of the stars
It is not possible that in summer, stars sparkle on the ground because does not make sense because stars are in the sky, not in the ground
It is not possible that you can eat too much ice cream at once. it won't make you sick because frozen foods can be very irritating to the stomach
It is not possible that you can eat too much ice cream at once. it won't make you sick because using the word too much indicates negative consequences.
It is not possible that you can eat too much ice cream at once. it won't make you sick because over eating results in getting sick
It is not possible that staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager's eyesight because staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time may cause nearsightedness
It is not possible that staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager's eyesight because staring at an electronic screen for periods of time can damage a teenager's eyesight.
It is not possible that staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager's eyesight because plenty of scientific research exists to show that this activity is bad for anyone's eyesigt.
It is not possible that you don't need an umbrella on a rainy day because using an umbrella on a rainy day can keep your body dry
It is not possible that you don't need an umbrella on a rainy day because if you don't want to get wet when it rains you need an umbrella.
It is not possible that you don't need an umbrella on a rainy day because umbrella will keep you dry from the rain
It is not possible that any racket can play tennis because tennis rackets have specific requirements in terms of size
It is not possible that any racket can play tennis because i can't play tennis with a badminton racket.
It is not possible that any racket can play tennis because some rackets are too small to play tennis with.
It is not possible that any fish can be eaten raw because some raw fish contains parasites and is not good for your health
It is not possible that any fish can be eaten raw because you might die if you eat some fish raw
It is not possible that any fish can be eaten raw because some fish are poisonous if eaten.
It is not possible that staying up all night is good for your health because the human body needs sleep to relieve fatigue
It is not possible that staying up all night is good for your health because it's not healthy to stay up all night.
It is not possible that staying up all night is good for your health because staying up can cause stress to your body
It is not possible that the human body is mainly made up of minerals because minerals are found in very small amounts in the human body
It is not possible that the human body is mainly made up of minerals because science says the human body is mainly made of water.
It is not possible that the human body is mainly made up of minerals because minerals do not naturally occur in the human body
It is not possible that the main greenhouse gas is oxygen because oxygen cannot cause the greenhouse effect
It is not possible that the main greenhouse gas is oxygen because oxygen is the gas that we breathe, not responsible for greenhouse effects
It is not possible that the main greenhouse gas is oxygen because the major atmospheric constituents, nitrogen (n 2), oxygen (o 2), and argon (ar), are not greenhouse gases because molecules containing two atoms of the same element such as n 2 and o 2 have no net change in the distribution of their electrical charges when they vibrate, and monatomic gases such as ar do not have vibrational modes, hence they are almost totally unaffected by infrared radiation.
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because all the planets go around the sun in the solar system
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because the sun does not move, the earth rotates.
It is not possible that the sun goes around the earth because the sun is stationary
It is not possible that planes can fly into space because the plane is not fast enough to break through the atmosphere and go into space
It is not possible that planes can fly into space because planes don't have the technology to fly into space.
It is not possible that planes can fly into space because only rockets can go to space.
It is not possible that monkeys can dive in the water because a monkey can't breathe in water
It is not possible that monkeys can dive in the water because monkeys do not spend time in the water
It is not possible that monkeys can dive in the water because monkeys do not swim.
It is not possible that he said his younger brother was born able to speak because a baby is not fully developed at birth and can not speak
It is not possible that he said his younger brother was born able to speak because newborn infants cannot speak
It is not possible that he said his younger brother was born able to speak because i never saw a new born baby talking.
It is not possible that the average winter temperature in malaysia is below zero degrees because malaysia is near the equator and usually warm in winter
It is not possible that the average winter temperature in malaysia is below zero degrees because malaysia is typically warm.
It is not possible that the average winter temperature in malaysia is below zero degrees because malaysia is known for very hot, and humid weather.
It is not possible that penguins can swim from the antarctic to the arctic because the distance from the antarctic to the arctic is too far for any creature to swim from one to another
It is not possible that penguins can swim from the antarctic to the arctic because penguins cannot tolerate warm climates.
It is not possible that penguins can swim from the antarctic to the arctic because the arctic is too far away from the antarctic for penguins to swim.
It is not possible that if you study hard, you will not be able to graduate because hard work will not lead to graduation difficulties
It is not possible that if you study hard, you will not be able to graduate because examinations are to be passed for graduation
It is not possible that if you study hard, you will not be able to graduate because studying hard helps you work towards graduating.
It is not possible that people should wear short sleeves in winter because the snowy winter is very cold and short sleeves are not enough to keep out the cold
It is not possible that people should wear short sleeves in winter because winter includes very cold temperatures so a short sleeve would not provide enough protection.
It is not possible that people should wear short sleeves in winter because you need long sleeves to stay warm.
It is not possible that cheating on exams should be encouraged because cheating in the examination is immoral and shouldn't be allowed
It is not possible that cheating on exams should be encouraged because cheating makes the student dull ,if allowed then they will never study hence will not able to grow in his future.
It is not possible that cheating on exams should be encouraged because encourage must give to enhance the good and positive qualities
It is not possible that you can answer in chinese in an english exam because the english exam must be answered in english
It is not possible that you can answer in chinese in an english exam because english exam is a language exam to write answers in english only and not in chinese language.
It is not possible that you can answer in chinese in an english exam because you will fail if you answer in cinese
It is not possible that people who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs because a big appetite is no help in finding a job
It is not possible that people who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs because no correlation
It is not possible that people who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs because appetites do not help people find jobs
It is not possible that he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy because junk food has unbalanced nutrition complements and is bad for health
It is not possible that he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy because junk food is not healthy, less is more
It is not possible that he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy because junk food contain many unhealthy elements
It is not possible that there is an ocean in the skyscraper because skyscrapers are supposed to be buildings that can not have oceans
It is not possible that there is an ocean in the skyscraper because an ocean is too big to fit in a skyscraper
It is not possible that there is an ocean in the skyscraper because skyscrapers are buildings, and oceans cannot be in buildings.
It is not possible that in the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs because dinosaurs died out long ago
It is not possible that in the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs because dinosaurs could live in the depths of the ocean as long as they are aquatic
It is not possible that in the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that you should have a snack in class because no snacking is allowed in class.
It is not possible that you should have a snack in class because snack should only be eaten at snack time
It is not possible that you should have a snack in class because you shouldnt eat in class
It is not possible that i jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class because it's dangerous to jump from the fourth floor
It is not possible that i jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class because jumping out off a fourth floor window most likely would lead to injury or death
It is not possible that i jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class because fourth floor is way too high for humans to jump
It is not possible that i went to the movie theater and met batman in person because batman is the character in the movie, not someone in the reality
It is not possible that i went to the movie theater and met batman in person because batman is not real.
It is not possible that i went to the movie theater and met batman in person because batman ins't real, he's a character.
It is not possible that i can see transformers in disneyland because disneyland doesn't have transformers but universal studios do
It is not possible that i can see transformers in disneyland because transformers are not a disney attraction
It is not possible that i can see transformers in disneyland because transformers is not owned by disney.
It is not possible that santa claus brings me presents at christmas because santa claus isn't real. he's a character in a fairy tale
It is not possible that santa claus brings me presents at christmas because santa claus is not real
It is not possible that santa claus brings me presents at christmas because santa claus is not real.
It is not possible that he stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him because it's immoral and illegal to steal, and it's definitely not something deserves praising
It is not possible that he stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him because a parent would never praise their son for stealing.
It is not possible that he stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him because mothers are not known for praising their son's when they steal.
It is not possible that if there is the sun in the sky, usually we can also see the moon because the sun and the moon don't often exist in the sky at the same time
It is not possible that if there is the sun in the sky, usually we can also see the moon because usually the moon is not out at the same time as the sun.
It is not possible that if there is the sun in the sky, usually we can also see the moon because sun normally offuscates the moon
It is not possible that the moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up because the moon in the water is only its reflection ad cannot be picked up
It is not possible that the moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up because monkeys cannot pick up the moon.
It is not possible that the moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up because monkeys cannot lift the moon
It is not possible that mapping software can help us understand foreign languages because mapping software can help us find the right way, but it does nothing to help us understand a foreign language
It is not possible that mapping software can help us understand foreign languages because mapping software does not help understand languages.
It is not possible that mapping software can help us understand foreign languages because mapping software is useless for language.
It is not possible that you're free to post other people's work online because other people's works have copyright which should not be violated
It is not possible that you're free to post other people's work online because we have copyright laws
It is not possible that you're free to post other people's work online because the only person who should be free to do this is the person themselves.
It is not possible that there is snow in june in the northern hemisphere because june is summer in the northern hemisphere and there is no snow
It is not possible that there is snow in june in the northern hemisphere because june is a season of summer  in the northern hemisphere
It is not possible that there is snow in june in the northern hemisphere because the north pole is at the northern hemisphere and snows in june.
It is not possible that when the sun comes up in east, it also comes up in west because there can't be two suns in the sky
It is not possible that when the sun comes up in east, it also comes up in west because the sun can only be coming up in one direction.
It is not possible that when the sun comes up in east, it also comes up in west because the sun can't be up at 2 locations at one time
It is not possible that man can't breathe in space because there's no oxygen in space and humans need oxygen to breathe
It is not possible that man can't breathe in space because man has breathed is space already.
It is not possible that man can't breathe in space because spacesuits allow men to breathe in space
It is not possible that i have three heads and six arms because a man has only one head and two arms
It is not possible that i have three heads and six arms because you wouldn't be able to live if you had that many heads and arms
It is not possible that i have three heads and six arms because my body has only 1 head and 2 arms.
It is not possible that i can take the high-speed train to hawaii for a vacation because hawaii is an island and can only be reached by air
It is not possible that i can take the high-speed train to hawaii for a vacation because you cannot get to hawaii via train.
It is not possible that i can take the high-speed train to hawaii for a vacation because trains can not go to hawaii
It is not possible that my family lives on the top of the himalayas because the summit of the himalayas is at 8,000 meters above sea level and is uninhabitable
It is not possible that my family lives on the top of the himalayas because the himalayas it's too cold and has no food
It is not possible that my family lives on the top of the himalayas because no one can live on the top of the himalayas as it is inhabitable.
It is not possible that michael jackson gave a concert in 2018 because michael jackson died in 2009
It is not possible that michael jackson gave a concert in 2018 because michael jackson died in 2008
It is not possible that michael jackson gave a concert in 2018 because michael jackson died before 2018.
It is not possible that he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried because you would be upset rather than happy when someone you care about is crying
It is not possible that he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried because he would not be happy she is crying
It is not possible that he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried because crying is a sign of sadness
It is not possible that apples grow in the field because the apple is the fruit of the apple tree. it grows on the tree
It is not possible that apples grow in the field because apple trees produce apples
It is not possible that apples grow in the field because there are apple trees where the fruit grows
It is not possible that lions are sea animals because lions cannot be sea animals because they live on land
It is not possible that lions are sea animals because lions are not sea creatures and  cannot swim
It is not possible that lions are sea animals because lions live on land.
It is not possible that after reading a magazine, we should burn it because magazines are made of paper and can be recycled many times
It is not possible that after reading a magazine, we should burn it because burning a magazine is a waste and not appropriate; recycle instead.
It is not possible that after reading a magazine, we should burn it because burning the magazine does not help the environment
It is not possible that we can drink from any river directly because there are often many bacteria in the river water, which can not be drunk without treatment
It is not possible that we can drink from any river directly because rivers contain substances harmful to human health
It is not possible that we can drink from any river directly because river water is too dirty for consumption.
It is not possible that you can yell in a movie theater because we should keep quiet in a movie theater
It is not possible that you can yell in a movie theater because your voice is not muted in a theater.
It is not possible that you can yell in a movie theater because we have a responsibility  to maintain silence and discipline in public entertainment places.
It is not possible that you can shoot a movie freely in a theater because it is illegal to shoot a film in a cinema
It is not possible that you can shoot a movie freely in a theater because you watch movies in a theater
It is not possible that you can shoot a movie freely in a theater because during watching the movies you cannot shoot the movie freely due to restrictions inside the theater.
It is not possible that he put his feet on the table and his mother praised him because putting feet on the table is uncivilized and should not be praised for
It is not possible that he put his feet on the table and his mother praised him because putting feet on the table is a sign of bad manners
It is not possible that he put his feet on the table and his mother praised him because mother doesn't appreciate her son for this bad behavior.
It is not possible that he didn't think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar because vinegar makes the food more sour, not saltier
It is not possible that he didn't think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar because vinegar does not add a salty flavour
It is not possible that he didn't think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar because vinegar doesn't make a meal more salty.
It is not possible that his sister married when she was 9 because his sister hadn't reached the legal age for marriage at the age of nine
It is not possible that his sister married when she was 9 because marriage doesn't occur until she is an adult
It is not possible that his sister married when she was 9 because she was married when she was 19
It is not possible that she lost 20 pounds in one night because losing weight is a process, and losing 20 pounds overnight is impossible
It is not possible that she lost 20 pounds in one night because that much weight cannot be lost that quickly.
It is not possible that she lost 20 pounds in one night because it's not possible to lose 20 pounds in a night.
It is not possible that the flowers in the garden are very delicious because flowers in the garden are not to be eaten
It is not possible that the flowers in the garden are very delicious because you don't eat flowers, you eat veggies
It is not possible that the flowers in the garden are very delicious because unless you are a bug or animal you wouldn't likely eat them.
It is not possible that this book looks good on you because books are meant to be read, not worn
It is not possible that this book looks good on you because a book isn't an outfit.
It is not possible that this book looks good on you because i've never worn a book.
It is not possible that tom took notes in the comic book because comic books are for amusement and people usually don't take notes on them
It is not possible that tom took notes in the comic book because you take notes in regular notebooks, and not in comic books.
It is not possible that tom took notes in the comic book because comic books are meant for reading, not annotating.
It is not possible that i planted my brother in the ground because humans can not be planted
It is not possible that i planted my brother in the ground because humans cannot be planted in the ground.
It is not possible that i planted my brother in the ground because brother is a person and not seed
It is not possible that apples grow on pear trees because apples are fruits of an apple tree
It is not possible that apples grow on pear trees because pear trees can only grow pears.
It is not possible that apples grow on pear trees because only pears can grow on pear trees.
It is not possible that i kicked the watermelon home with my foot because watermelons are fragile. you can't kick them
It is not possible that i kicked the watermelon home with my foot because the watermelon would break if i kicked it
It is not possible that i kicked the watermelon home with my foot because watermelon homes doesn't exist
It is not possible that we eat roast goose on thanksgiving day because thanksgiving tradition is to eat turkey
It is not possible that we eat roast goose on thanksgiving day because roast goose is eaten for the christmas holidays.
It is not possible that we eat roast goose on thanksgiving day because typically, people eat turkey on thanksgiving day.
It is not possible that i put my hand in the hot oil because the hot oil is so hot, you'll burn yourself if you let it in
It is not possible that i put my hand in the hot oil because putting hands in hot oil would cause severe burns.
It is not possible that i put my hand in the hot oil because putting hand in a hot oil burns the hand
It is not possible that when the japanese meet, they high-five each other because bowing is a basic etiquette in japan, not high-fiving
It is not possible that when the japanese meet, they high-five each other because they don't high-five, they bow
It is not possible that when the japanese meet, they high-five each other because when people meet they do not high-five one another.
It is not possible that vegetables will help me to keep fat because vegetables are rich in vitamins rather than fat.
It is not possible that vegetables will help me to keep fat because vegetable are low in calories, therefore they would help you be skinny.
It is not possible that vegetables will help me to keep fat because vegetables do not have a lot of fat
It is not possible that airplanes make travel much slower because the speed of the airplane is very fast.
It is not possible that airplanes make travel much slower because you must compare the speed of the modes of travel
It is not possible that airplanes make travel much slower because airplanes are the fastest mode of travel.
It is not possible that mature apples are bitter because mature apples contain a lot of sugar.
It is not possible that mature apples are bitter because apples taste the best when they are mature and therefore should not be bitter.
It is not possible that mature apples are bitter because generally, ripe apples are sweet.
It is not possible that watermelon is a poisonous fruit because watermelon contains no poison.
It is not possible that watermelon is a poisonous fruit because watermelon is not a poisonous fruit
It is not possible that watermelon is a poisonous fruit because watermelon is not poisonous.
It is not possible that the cock is laying eggs because the cock has no function of laying eggs.
It is not possible that the cock is laying eggs because a cock is a male that cannot lay eggs.
It is not possible that the cock is laying eggs because cocks don't lay eggs
It is not possible that in general, lemonade without any additives tastes spicy because lemonade itself tastes sour because of citric acid.
It is not possible that in general, lemonade without any additives tastes spicy because lemons don't have a spicy taste.
It is not possible that in general, lemonade without any additives tastes spicy because lemonade is not spicy unless something spicy is added to it.
It is not possible that too much drinking can cure stomach disease because too much alcohol is bad for the stomach
It is not possible that too much drinking can cure stomach disease because stomach diseases sre aggravated by drinking.
It is not possible that too much drinking can cure stomach disease because too much drinking actually damages your liver, sometimes permanently.
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west because the earth turns from west to east
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west because sun sets in the west
It is not possible that the sun rises from the west because depends on the current position of the observator.
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest, so the tropical rainforest is wet because winds don't have much to do with humidity of the tropical rainforest
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest, so the tropical rainforest is wet because it rains often in the tropical rain forest creating a moist environment
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest, so the tropical rainforest is wet because wind and wetness are two different factors that do not relate.
It is not possible that you should do exercise when you feel hungry because exercise will drain physical strength rather than restore it
It is not possible that you should do exercise when you feel hungry because exercise does not help hunger.
It is not possible that you should do exercise when you feel hungry because exercise would make you hungrier
It is not possible that usually there are many monkeys in malls because monkeys can only live in the zoo or the wild
It is not possible that usually there are many monkeys in malls because mall is a shopping area and moneys are restricted to enter
It is not possible that usually there are many monkeys in malls because monkeys don't go to malls
It is not possible that in general, milk is from milk plant because milk is originally milked from cows
It is not possible that in general, milk is from milk plant because there isn't a milk plant
It is not possible that in general, milk is from milk plant because milk comes from animals, not a plant.
It is not possible that beijing is the name of a country because beijing is one of the cities in china
It is not possible that beijing is the name of a country because beijing isn't a country, it's a city.
It is not possible that beijing is the name of a country because beijing is not a country.
It is not possible that you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain because the pitcher is a container for liquid
It is not possible that you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain because a pitcher is not a climbing tool
It is not possible that you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain because pitchers are used for drinking
It is not possible that i put my books in a shoebox because shoebox is used to put on shoes
It is not possible that i put my books in a shoebox because shoeboxes are for shoes not books.
It is not possible that i put my books in a shoebox because shoes go in a shoebox
It is not possible that a kitchen is a place to rest because people usually cook in a kitchen
It is not possible that a kitchen is a place to rest because there aren't any places to sleep comfortably in a kitchen.
It is not possible that a kitchen is a place to rest because a typical kitchen does not have a place for resting.
It is not possible that refrigerators can heat drinks because the refrigerator has no heating function
It is not possible that refrigerators can heat drinks because refrigerators are used to cool or freeze stuff
It is not possible that refrigerators can heat drinks because refrigerators are build to cool drinks instead of heating them
It is not possible that flowers will always be blooming because flowers have cycles
It is not possible that flowers will always be blooming because flowers don't bloom in winter
It is not possible that flowers will always be blooming because flowers don't bloom all year.
It is not possible that new york is the capital city of illinois because new york does not belong to illinois
It is not possible that new york is the capital city of illinois because albany is the capital city of new york, also new york is a u.s. state can't be the city.
It is not possible that new york is the capital city of illinois because new york is not in illinois.
It is not possible that the poor countries are more livable than in rich countries because rich countries can better satisfy people's demands than poor countries
It is not possible that the poor countries are more livable than in rich countries because poor countries have less resources and are therefore less livable.
It is not possible that the poor countries are more livable than in rich countries because poor countries have much worse living conditions.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because staying up late will cause dark circles or blood streak in the white of the eye.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because staying up late will make you tired.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because getting good sleep is a staple of good health.
It is not possible that studying hardly is useless because studying hardly is the basic thing to get a good mark.
It is not possible that studying hardly is useless because studying furthers your education and knowledge.
It is not possible that studying hardly is useless because studying is the best way to pass
It is not possible that a little baby can feed itself because a little baby doesn't have the ability to get food by itself
It is not possible that a little baby can feed itself because a baby does not know to feed itself.
It is not possible that a little baby can feed itself because a baby needs help to eat
It is not possible that shopping online is inconvenient because shopping online saves much time and money.
It is not possible that shopping online is inconvenient because shopping online provides you to shop from the comfort of your own home, in the car, at work etc.
It is not possible that shopping online is inconvenient because convenience can be increased by shopping online
It is not possible that the giraffe doesn't have a long neck because giraffes have long necks for genetic reasons
It is not possible that the giraffe doesn't have a long neck because the main characteristic of a giraffe is it's long neck.
It is not possible that the giraffe doesn't have a long neck because the neck of a giraffe is one of the longest of any animal
It is not possible that during holidays, there aren't many tourists in the scenic spot because people don't have to work on holidays, so many people choose to go out for fun
It is not possible that during holidays, there aren't many tourists in the scenic spot because people are off during the holidays and spend their free time in tourist destinations.
It is not possible that during holidays, there aren't many tourists in the scenic spot because holidays attract tourists
It is not possible that frogs aren't amphibians because frogs can live either in water or on land
It is not possible that frogs aren't amphibians because amphibians live in water and on land
It is not possible that frogs aren't amphibians because frogs can live both on water and land.
It is not possible that pandas don't like to eat bamboo leaves because eating bamboo leaves is a diet characteristic of pandas
It is not possible that pandas don't like to eat bamboo leaves because pandas eat bamboo leaves.
It is not possible that pandas don't like to eat bamboo leaves because that is the only thing pandas eat
It is not possible that there are a lot of pandas because there are fewer than three thousand pandas in the world
It is not possible that there are a lot of pandas because pandas are becoming endangered.
It is not possible that there are a lot of pandas because pandas are near to extinction.
It is not possible that the dog isn't very loyal because the dog guards the house and protects its owner
It is not possible that the dog isn't very loyal because dogs are know for being loyal.
It is not possible that the dog isn't very loyal because dogs are naturally loyal.
It is not possible that you can't eat vegetables to get vitamin c because vegetables contain vitamin c
It is not possible that you can't eat vegetables to get vitamin c because vitamin c comes from vegetables.
It is not possible that you can't eat vegetables to get vitamin c because only in the fruits and vegetables contains vitamin c
It is not possible that eating more vegetables is bad for health because vegetables contain elements needed by the human body
It is not possible that eating more vegetables is bad for health because lack of vegetables in your diet weakens your immune system.
It is not possible that eating more vegetables is bad for health because vegetables provide vitamins for the body
It is not possible that apples are bad for people's health because apples contain elements that are good for you
It is not possible that apples are bad for people's health because apple contain many nutritional values.
It is not possible that apples are bad for people's health because apples are a healthy fruit and a great option for snacks
It is not possible that sugar cane generally lives in the north because the climate in the south is favorable to the growth of sugar cane
It is not possible that sugar cane generally lives in the north because sugar can is shipped to the north but not grown there
It is not possible that sugar cane generally lives in the north because sugar cane will not grow in the snow.
It is not possible that oranges live in the north because the climate in the south suits oranges
It is not possible that oranges live in the north because oranges are know for the south as they cannot grow in cold, winter weather.
It is not possible that oranges live in the north because people do not discuss where fruits live.
It is not possible that the coconut palm doesn't live in the tropics because there are no coconut trees anywhere except in the tropics
It is not possible that the coconut palm doesn't live in the tropics because the coconut palm only lives in the weather created in the tropics.
It is not possible that the coconut palm doesn't live in the tropics because coconut palms need heat to grow
It is not possible that there are not a lot of living creatures in the tropics because the temperature and ten degrees in the tropics are suitable for living things
It is not possible that there are not a lot of living creatures in the tropics because the tropics are full of flora and fauna
It is not possible that there are not a lot of living creatures in the tropics because the tropics has a lot of living diverse creatures.
It is not possible that dogs aren't reliable because dogs are loyal and friendly to people so they are reliable
It is not possible that dogs aren't reliable because dogs have animal instincts and are irrational beings.
It is not possible that dogs aren't reliable because dogs come when called
It is not possible that study hard to get bad grades because studying hard helps get good grades
It is not possible that study hard to get bad grades because you'll get bad grades if you don't study hard.
It is not possible that study hard to get bad grades because hard work usually generates good results.
It is not possible that summer is very cold because summer is very hot because of the earth's rotation and revolution
It is not possible that summer is very cold because summer is the hottest season
It is not possible that summer is very cold because summer is a warm weather season.
It is not possible that winter is hot because winter is cold because of the earth's rotation and revolution
It is not possible that winter is hot because it is cold during winter.
It is not possible that winter is hot because winter is when it snows
It is not possible that maple leaves don't fall in autumn because autumn is the metabolic season for maple trees
It is not possible that maple leaves don't fall in autumn because all leaves fall due to drops in temperature.
It is not possible that maple leaves don't fall in autumn because leaves are known for falling during autumn.
It is not possible that the fruit ripened in spring because fruit trees sprout in spring and bear fruit in autumn
It is not possible that the fruit ripened in spring because spring is too early for fruit to ripen.
It is not possible that the fruit ripened in spring because most fruit ripens in summer.
It is not possible that don't take medicine when you're sick because drugs kill viruses
It is not possible that don't take medicine when you're sick because medicine is known to be a pain reliever and impacts physical health
It is not possible that don't take medicine when you're sick because if you are sick you and you want to get better then you would take medicine.
It is not possible that learning shouldn't be done step by step because it's impossible to learn all the stuff at one time
It is not possible that learning shouldn't be done step by step because you can better learn if you go step by step.
It is not possible that learning shouldn't be done step by step because in order to learn, follow a path of related tasks
It is not possible that we shouldn't listen to teachers carefully in class because the students should listen to the teacher carefully
It is not possible that we shouldn't listen to teachers carefully in class because not listening to teachers in class would lead to failure in exams.
It is not possible that we shouldn't listen to teachers carefully in class because if you don't listen you will fail
It is not possible that it is not polite to say hello because it is very polite to say hello to someone
It is not possible that it is not polite to say hello because to say hello is to greet a person and can be impolite at times.
It is not possible that it is not polite to say hello because it is always polite to greet someone.
It is not possible that rats are not pests because rats may infect plague
It is not possible that rats are not pests because rats are a health hazard and a pest that gets exterminated
It is not possible that rats are not pests because rats are a pest to many people
It is not possible that carrots are not good for your eyes because beta-carotene is good for the eyes
It is not possible that carrots are not good for your eyes because carrots are good for your eyes because they have beta carotene.
It is not possible that carrots are not good for your eyes because doctors love recommending carrots for vision.
It is not possible that we should not help the weak because everyone has a hard time, so we should help the weak
It is not possible that we should not help the weak because the weak need help
It is not possible that we should not help the weak because the biggest reward comes in helping the weak.
It is not possible that parents shouldn't spend more time with their children because children's growth and education are inseparable from their parents
It is not possible that parents shouldn't spend more time with their children because children need parents to spend time with them
It is not possible that parents shouldn't spend more time with their children because parents generally don't have the option to spend less time with their children
It is not possible that in school, you should not obey the rules and regulations because local rules and regulations must be observed everywhere
It is not possible that in school, you should not obey the rules and regulations because if you do not obey rules and regulations in school it will be chaos and nobody will be able to learn.
It is not possible that in school, you should not obey the rules and regulations because schools have rules that students are ordered to obey.
It is not possible that in amusement parks, parents should not take good care of very young children because children are easily lost in crowded places of entertainment
It is not possible that in amusement parks, parents should not take good care of very young children because it is a parents job to look after their children.
It is not possible that in amusement parks, parents should not take good care of very young children because children can get lost, so parents should take care of them.
It is not possible that parents should not listen carefully to their children's voices because although children are young, they have their own ideas and they deserve respect
It is not possible that parents should not listen carefully to their children's voices because parents not listening to their children's voices carefully has consequences.
It is not possible that parents should not listen carefully to their children's voices because parents can't help their children if they don't listen to their voices
It is not possible that we shouldn't take care of trees because trees is our good companion and brings us a lot of conveniences
It is not possible that we shouldn't take care of trees because trees keep us alive, so we need to protect them.
It is not possible that we shouldn't take care of trees because if we don't take care of the trees, we will die.
It is not possible that as a child, you do not have to help your parents do housework because parents are very busy, children should help their parents do housework
It is not possible that as a child, you do not have to help your parents do housework because if parents will not finish their work the child may get suffer due to delay, so child should help parents in housework whenever required.
It is not possible that as a child, you do not have to help your parents do housework because children should always help their parents out with housework.
It is not possible that parents shouldn't be patient in educating their children because children are young, parents must have the patience to educate children
It is not possible that parents shouldn't be patient in educating their children because if you are not patient with your children they will never learn anything
It is not possible that parents shouldn't be patient in educating their children because if there's no patience,one cannot educate the children.
It is not possible that the united states is a developing country because america's economy is on a par with that of the developed world
It is not possible that the united states is a developing country because the us is known as a first world country and is very developed.
It is not possible that the united states is a developing country because the us has been developed for many years
It is not possible that trains usually close ticket-checking lanes minutes after departure because the train closed its gates a few minutes before it was due to safety concerns
It is not possible that trains usually close ticket-checking lanes minutes after departure because ticket-checking lanes are unnecessary after departure
It is not possible that trains usually close ticket-checking lanes minutes after departure because lanes do not need to close once a train has already departed.
It is not possible that cooking is easy for children because cooking requires mastery of cooking skills which are hard for children
It is not possible that cooking is easy for children because most children have not yet been taught to cook so it is difficult for them.
It is not possible that cooking is easy for children because to cook you need to learn how first and children are very young and have not had the time to learn how to cook.
It is not possible that china is a developed country because china's economic and other strength belongs to the level of developing countries.
It is not possible that china is a developed country because china is considered as largest emerging and developing country with exceptional gdp rate.
It is not possible that china is a developed country because the united states is a developed country.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bus, you do not need to buy a ticket because tickets are the threshold for a ride.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bus, you do not need to buy a ticket because it costs money to ride the bus.
It is not possible that if you want to take a bus, you do not need to buy a ticket because buses cost money to ride.
It is not possible that things are not changing every day because every day things move and change.
It is not possible that things are not changing every day because things don't stay the same every day
It is not possible that things are not changing every day because life is not an inertia, it has movement.
It is not possible that we can't get more by sharing because share with each other and you can get two things
It is not possible that we can't get more by sharing because sharing is giving and receiving
It is not possible that we can't get more by sharing because it is nonsensical to say we can't get more by sharing since when one person has more of something than he can possibly use sharing some of it with others less fortunate gives everyone more.
It is not possible that when the fruits are ripe in autumn, they don't need to be harvested because if the fruit is not picked in time, it will fall and rot.
It is not possible that when the fruits are ripe in autumn, they don't need to be harvested because ripe fruits need to be harvested
It is not possible that when the fruits are ripe in autumn, they don't need to be harvested because fruits that are ripe should be harvested or they will go to waste.
It is not possible that if you eat sugar, it won't give you a quick energy boost because sugar can quickly replenish the energy needed by the human body
It is not possible that if you eat sugar, it won't give you a quick energy boost because eating sugar boosts energy.
It is not possible that if you eat sugar, it won't give you a quick energy boost because sugar is known for giving you a quick energy boost
It is not possible that running for too long won't make you tired because long distance running consumes human energy and makes people tired.
It is not possible that running for too long won't make you tired because running tires your body because of the release of energy
It is not possible that running for too long won't make you tired because running exhausts your energy.
It is not possible that you don't need a license if you want to drive because the driving license is the threshold of driving
It is not possible that you don't need a license if you want to drive because it's against the law to drive without a license.
It is not possible that you don't need a license if you want to drive because need and want are different words.
It is not possible that if you want to get a job, you mustn't learn a skill first because you can only do a good job if you have the skills you need to do it.
It is not possible that if you want to get a job, you mustn't learn a skill first because to work at a job you must have some set of skills.
It is not possible that if you want to get a job, you mustn't learn a skill first because to perform a job you must have a skill of some kind
It is not possible that if you don't want to work overtime, get the job done slowly because quick completion of the work can help avoid working overtime
It is not possible that if you don't want to work overtime, get the job done slowly because working slowly will make you need to stay overtime to finish.
It is not possible that if you don't want to work overtime, get the job done slowly because if you don't work quickly, you will need to work longer.
It is not possible that listening to light music helps you sleep slowly because listening to light music can relax and make people sleep fast.
It is not possible that listening to light music helps you sleep slowly because sleeping slowly are not words that are used together.
It is not possible that listening to light music helps you sleep slowly because calming noises help people fall asleep more quickly.
It is not possible that if there's nothing you can do, it's a bad idea to ask for help because seeking help is also a way to solve the problem.
It is not possible that if there's nothing you can do, it's a bad idea to ask for help because if you're struggling you need to ask for help.
It is not possible that if there's nothing you can do, it's a bad idea to ask for help because we ask for help, when there is nothing we can do about the situation
It is not possible that do not be careful when using electricity because electricity can cause death
It is not possible that do not be careful when using electricity because electricity would turn fatal if not handled properly.
It is not possible that do not be careful when using electricity because electricity is very dangerous and you should be careful around it.
It is not possible that you should not save water because water resources are limited. we should save and protect water resources.
It is not possible that you should not save water because save water is the most smart thing to do
It is not possible that you should not save water because it is wrong because water helps preserve our environment.
It is not possible that you can not use the water from the dishes to water the flowers because washing dishes water is non-toxic to flowers and can reuse water resources.
It is not possible that you can not use the water from the dishes to water the flowers because any water can be used to water the flowers.
It is not possible that you can not use the water from the dishes to water the flowers because water from the dishes contains soap that will kill flowers.
It is not possible that turn the power on when you leave because turn off the power supply when you leave the house to prevent electric disasters
It is not possible that turn the power on when you leave because it is best to turn power off when you leave.
It is not possible that turn the power on when you leave because to save energy, you should turn the power off when you leave.
It is not possible that high voltage will not threaten human safety because too high a voltage can be unbearable and harmful.
It is not possible that high voltage will not threaten human safety because high voltage would cause death
It is not possible that high voltage will not threaten human safety because high voltage can be dangerous to human safety.
It is not possible that when taking a bus, you never have to wait for a while because the bus always runs at intervals
It is not possible that when taking a bus, you never have to wait for a while because for taking a bus we need to wait on bus-stop, and buses run with the time interval ,so we need to wait for it.
It is not possible that when taking a bus, you never have to wait for a while because bus stops are an obvious indicator of waiting for a bus.
It is not possible that do not be careful when the machine is running because it is safe because the machine is running at high speed and an accident may occur
It is not possible that do not be careful when the machine is running because it is safe because you're more likely to get hurt when the machine is running.
It is not possible that do not be careful when the machine is running because it is safe because most machines are dangerous when on.
It is not possible that rock and roll isn't a kind of music because music is divided into many kinds, including rock music
It is not possible that rock and roll isn't a kind of music because rock and roll is a well known music genre.
It is not possible that rock and roll isn't a kind of music because rock and roll is a type of musical genre.
It is not possible that do not keep quiet in class because don't talk in class is a sign of keeping discipline
It is not possible that do not keep quiet in class because if it's a class i should be listening, not talking.
It is not possible that do not keep quiet in class because you should keep quiet and listen in class
It is not possible that if you have homework, don't do it on time so that the teacher won't blame you because finish your homework in time for the new class and the teacher won't blame you
It is not possible that if you have homework, don't do it on time so that the teacher won't blame you because you will get in  trouble if you don't do your homework on time
It is not possible that if you have homework, don't do it on time so that the teacher won't blame you because a teacher will punish a student if he does not do homework on time.
It is not possible that if you have an appointment with someone else, you mustn't be punctual because punctuality is one of the best virtues, people trust each other when they are punctual
It is not possible that if you have an appointment with someone else, you mustn't be punctual because it is rude to not show up on time
It is not possible that if you have an appointment with someone else, you mustn't be punctual because people expect other to be punctual for appointments.
It is not possible that running can not strengthen the body because running can quickly improve the function of the human body, strengthen the body
It is not possible that running can not strengthen the body because running is exercise and is good for strengthening your body.
It is not possible that running can not strengthen the body because running builds the strength of certain muscles.
It is not possible that long-time exposure to the sun will not tan because the ultraviolet rays in the sun can tan your skin
It is not possible that long-time exposure to the sun will not tan because tanning is from being in the sun
It is not possible that long-time exposure to the sun will not tan because tan or darkening of skin results due to long time exposure to the sun.
It is not possible that if you have any questions, you must not remember to ask the teacher because if you have any questions, ask the teacher. the teacher can answer your questions
It is not possible that if you have any questions, you must not remember to ask the teacher because if you don't know the answer, your teacher will.
It is not possible that if you have any questions, you must not remember to ask the teacher because you need to remember if you want to ask
It is not possible that if you want to realize your ideal, you must not take action because put your thoughts into action. otherwise, your thoughts are just thoughts
It is not possible that if you want to realize your ideal, you must not take action because taking no action will not allow to acheive your goals or ideal
It is not possible that if you want to realize your ideal, you must not take action because procrastination doesn't lead to growth
It is not possible that do not wash your hands before eating because hands are germy, so wash your hands before eating
It is not possible that do not wash your hands before eating because you need to clean your hands before eating.
It is not possible that do not wash your hands before eating because hands harbor a lot of microbes including pathogenic
It is not possible that dogs and cats are the same species because dogs belong to the canidae, while cats belong to the cats
It is not possible that dogs and cats are the same species because catdog was a cartoon
It is not possible that dogs and cats are the same species because dogs and cats can't breed together
It is not possible that corgi is a rabbit because corgi is a kind of small dog, not a rabbit
It is not possible that corgi is a rabbit because corgi is a member of the canine family
It is not possible that corgi is a rabbit because a corgi is a dog, not a rabbit.
It is not possible that we must cover cotton quilt in summer because we need to cover cotton quilt when weather is cold
It is not possible that we must cover cotton quilt in summer because cotton quilt covers only in winter
It is not possible that we must cover cotton quilt in summer because it's too warm in the summer for a cotton quilt.
It is not possible that peanuts are not edible because peanuts are a common food
It is not possible that peanuts are not edible because don't drink peanuts
It is not possible that peanuts are not edible because peanuts are used for a lot of foods.
It is not possible that the language of american tv shows is usually chinese because americans speak english so the general language used in american tv shows in english, not chinese
It is not possible that the language of american tv shows is usually chinese because americans speak english.
It is not possible that the language of american tv shows is usually chinese because english is the national language of the united states.
It is not possible that you must n wash your hands before eating because washing hands before meals can prevent bacteria from entering the body
It is not possible that you must n wash your hands before eating because hygiene before meals is paramount not to ingest harmful bacteria
It is not possible that you must n wash your hands before eating because washing your hand before eating can prevent germs.
It is not possible that apples are usually spicy because generally, apples are sweet or sour, but definitely not spicy
It is not possible that apples are usually spicy because apples have never been described as spicy.
It is not possible that apples are usually spicy because apples have no spices in them which would make them spicy.
It is not possible that three-month-old babies can speak already because babies begin to learn to speak slowly when they are about one year old
It is not possible that three-month-old babies can speak already because a baby starts speaking after 6-9 months
It is not possible that three-month-old babies can speak already because three month baby can just turn their heads and able to speak after an year
It is not possible that there is a tornado so all the citizens stay outdoors because staying outdoors when there is a tornado is not safe
It is not possible that there is a tornado so all the citizens stay outdoors because citizens should stay inside during a tornado
It is not possible that there is a tornado so all the citizens stay outdoors because citizens know to stay indoors during a tornado.
It is not possible that asians generally have black skins because black skin is more common among africans, not asians
It is not possible that asians generally have black skins because asians aren't usually black, they're lighter.
It is not possible that asians generally have black skins because asians generally have yellow skins
It is not possible that the seawater is sour because seawater is rich in salt so it is salty, not sour
It is not possible that the seawater is sour because seawater is known for it's saltiness not being sour.
It is not possible that the seawater is sour because seawater is made of salt, and is therefore salty.
It is not possible that air conditioners don't need electricity to work because air conditioning is a kind of electric appliance so it needs electricity to work
It is not possible that air conditioners don't need electricity to work because without electricity it doesn't have power
It is not possible that air conditioners don't need electricity to work because air conditioners are electric appliances.
It is not possible that lily turns in her homework in time every day so she is disliked by teachers because generally, teachers like students who turn in homework in time
It is not possible that lily turns in her homework in time every day so she is disliked by teachers because teachers like it when students turn in the work every day.
It is not possible that lily turns in her homework in time every day so she is disliked by teachers because teachers will not dislike a pupil who submits homework in time every day.
It is not possible that swallows cannot fly because swallows have wings and can fly
It is not possible that swallows cannot fly because swallow are bird with highly adapted for aerial feeding
It is not possible that swallows cannot fly because most birds can fly, including swallows.
It is not possible that gardenias are smelly because the fragrance of gardenia is very pleasing
It is not possible that gardenias are smelly because gardenias don't smell bad
It is not possible that gardenias are smelly because the work "smelly" refers to a bad odor, gardenias are generally considered to have pleasant smell.
It is not possible that moss usually grows in a dry environment because moss grows in damp conditions
It is not possible that moss usually grows in a dry environment because moss is wet
It is not possible that moss usually grows in a dry environment because moss only proliferates with moisture, without moisture it dies
It is not possible that steamed bread is not edible because steamed bread is a common food
It is not possible that steamed bread is not edible because bread is edible
It is not possible that steamed bread is not edible because steamed bread is a kind of bread made from wheat and it is prepared by using steam ,so no harm in eating it.
It is not possible that fish can also live in the forest because fish is a kind of aquatic animal so they need water to live
It is not possible that fish can also live in the forest because fish cannot breathe in the forest.
It is not possible that fish can also live in the forest because fish must live in a body of water, forests do not always contain any body of water that would support fish.
It is not possible that the yellow river is in brazil because the yellow river is china's mother river
It is not possible that the yellow river is in brazil because the yellow river is in a different country
It is not possible that the yellow river is in brazil because there isn't a yellow river in brazil
It is not possible that he used to drink diesel every morning because people can't drink diesel
It is not possible that he used to drink diesel every morning because a human being would not drink diesel at all as it would be poisonous to consume.
It is not possible that he used to drink diesel every morning because diesel isn't consumable by humans
It is not possible that humans have tails because the tail has degenerated in human evolution
It is not possible that humans have tails because humans never have tails, only animals do.
It is not possible that humans have tails because there is no evidence of any human ever having a tail
It is not possible that he drove into the train station to refuel because the train station is not a place for people to refuel their cars
It is not possible that he drove into the train station to refuel because train stations don't have fuel
It is not possible that he drove into the train station to refuel because he can't refuel his car at a train station
It is not possible that 8-year-old tom can drive the plane already because driving the plane is difficult and 8-year-olds can't be able to master the skills required
It is not possible that 8-year-old tom can drive the plane already because eight year old children cannot drive a car, nor a plane, it is illegal to drive that young.
It is not possible that 8-year-old tom can drive the plane already because an 8-year-old cannot pilot a plane.
It is not possible that mint can confuse the mind because mint has a special aroma which makes one's mind clear
It is not possible that mint can confuse the mind because a simple plant is not capable to confuse my mind.
It is not possible that mint can confuse the mind because mint does not cause confusion
It is not possible that the ripe wheat is green because ripe wheat contains a large amount of lutein so it is usually golden
It is not possible that the ripe wheat is green because wheat is golden when it is ripe, not green.
It is not possible that the ripe wheat is green because when wheat ripens, it turns gold. green wheat is not ripe.
It is not possible that he refueled his bike because bikes do not need to be refueled
It is not possible that he refueled his bike because bikes do not need fuel
It is not possible that he refueled his bike because what is replenished is car
It is not possible that apples can only be read because apples can be red, green or yellow
It is not possible that apples can only be read because reading is a method of deciphering writing
It is not possible that apples can only be read because there are no words on apples.
It is not possible that roses are only red because the roses can have red, white, pink and yellow colors
It is not possible that roses are only red because there are many colors of roses.
It is not possible that roses are only red because roses come in a variety of colours
It is not possible that mice eat cats because cats are too big for mice to eat
It is not possible that mice eat cats because mice are smaller than cats and therefore cannot eat them.
It is not possible that mice eat cats because cats are bigger than mice
It is not possible that the lotus grows in the soil because the lotus is a kind of aquatic plant so it grows in the water
It is not possible that the lotus grows in the soil because the lotus is only a water plant
It is not possible that the lotus grows in the soil because lotus' are known for growing in water.
It is not possible that cheese is a kind of soy product because cheese is made from milk, not soy.
It is not possible that cheese is a kind of soy product because soy products are not cheese.
It is not possible that cheese is a kind of soy product because cheese is not made from soy
It is not possible that air can't help combustion because air contains oxygen, which can help combustion.
It is not possible that air can't help combustion because air is meant to help combustion.
It is not possible that air can't help combustion because combustion cannot happen without air.
It is not possible that wood can't burn because wood is flammable
It is not possible that wood can't burn because wood or wooden things have the property to burn and then they turns into ash after burning.
It is not possible that wood can't burn because wood's nature is to burn at any cost, so this statement is nonsensical
It is not possible that car exhaust has no adverse effect on the atmosphere because car exhaust has a variety of harmful gases
It is not possible that car exhaust has no adverse effect on the atmosphere because common knowledge that car exhaust impacts pollution
It is not possible that car exhaust has no adverse effect on the atmosphere because car exhaust releases toxic fumes into the atmosphere.
It is not possible that the altitude of the plateau is very low because plateaus have high altitudes
It is not possible that the altitude of the plateau is very low because plateau is an area of highland
It is not possible that the altitude of the plateau is very low because plateau in and of itself means an eleveated position.
It is not possible that the kangaroo's tail is useless because the kangaroo's tail can help it to be balanced
It is not possible that the kangaroo's tail is useless because kangaroo tails have many uses
It is not possible that the kangaroo's tail is useless because the kangaroo uses its tail for many things.
It is not possible that cats have no sex because cats can be divided into male and female cats so cats have sex
It is not possible that cats have no sex because there are male and female cats who reproduce by having sex.
It is not possible that cats have no sex because cats reproduce so they do have sex.
It is not possible that mobile phone can not make phone calls because mobile phone has a calling function
It is not possible that mobile phone can not make phone calls because phones make calls.
It is not possible that mobile phone can not make phone calls because mobile phones are made to receive/make calls from any location with a signal.
It is not possible that confucianism is an important part of american culture because confucianism is originated in china
It is not possible that confucianism is an important part of american culture because confucianism didn't occur in america
It is not possible that confucianism is an important part of american culture because as an american, i've never heard of confucianism.
It is not possible that water can't be boiled in any condition because water can be boiled when it reaches its boiling point
It is not possible that water can't be boiled in any condition because water boils at temperatures above 100 c
It is not possible that water can't be boiled in any condition because water can be boiled in many ways.
It is not possible that pure water is gas because pure water is transparent liquid
It is not possible that pure water is gas because gas is not water.
It is not possible that pure water is gas because pure water is a liquid
It is not possible that grapes grow on trees because grapes do not have trees, only vines
It is not possible that grapes grow on trees because grapes are only found growing from vines.
It is not possible that grapes grow on trees because grapes are a vine that grows generally up a trellis.
It is not possible that there can't be fish in the river because water is the growth environment of fish
It is not possible that there can't be fish in the river because fish live in rivers
It is not possible that there can't be fish in the river because fish swim in rivers.
It is not possible that wine is made from bananas because the raw material of wine is grapes
It is not possible that wine is made from bananas because bananas do not produce wine.
It is not possible that wine is made from bananas because wine is made from grapes
It is not possible that the winter temperature in the north is very high because the winter in the north is usually cold and the temperature is usually low
It is not possible that the winter temperature in the north is very high because winter temperatures in the northern hemisphere are colder than they are in summer.
It is not possible that the winter temperature in the north is very high because northern countries are the coldest in winter
It is not possible that nails never grow because the root of the nail will constantly produce new cells so the nail will grow
It is not possible that nails never grow because every person's nails grow as evidenced by the routine maintence of them we all do.
It is not possible that nails never grow because nails do grow from fingers and toes
It is not possible that milk is bad for health because milk is rich in nutrients and good for health
It is not possible that milk is bad for health because milk provides calcium and vd
It is not possible that milk is bad for health because milk contains healthy vitamins and minerals.
It is not possible that alcohol can not disinfect because alcohol can kill bacteria
It is not possible that alcohol can not disinfect because alcohol is a wonderful disinfectant.
It is not possible that alcohol can not disinfect because alcohol contains chemical compounds that are capable of disinfecting.
It is not possible that bulls can conceive because bulls have no uterus and can't conceive
It is not possible that bulls can conceive because bulls are males and cannot conceive.
It is not possible that bulls can conceive because bulls are typically of the male sex and therefore would not be able to become pregnant.
It is not possible that the closer your eyes are to the screen, the better because eyes being too close to the tv screen can affect vision
It is not possible that the closer your eyes are to the screen, the better because eye strain can be caused by sitting to close to a screen.
It is not possible that the closer your eyes are to the screen, the better because vision is negatively affected the closer you get to a screen.
It is not possible that the moon can produce light because the light of the moon is the result of reflecting sunlight
It is not possible that the moon can produce light because moon reflects light
It is not possible that the moon can produce light because the moon only appears in the dark.
It is not possible that people sweat when they are cold because sweating is a way for human bodies to lose heat
It is not possible that people sweat when they are cold because cold people do not produce sweat.
It is not possible that people sweat when they are cold because sweat is produced to help the body from overheating when it's hot.
It is not possible that rubber never hardens because rubber will harden when it ages over time
It is not possible that rubber never hardens because rubber can harden as time goes on
It is not possible that rubber never hardens because if i freeze the rubber it will harden.
It is not possible that it's more comfortable to sit in a chair without a back because a chair with a back can relax the back
It is not possible that it's more comfortable to sit in a chair without a back because one cannot relax on a chair without a back.
It is not possible that it's more comfortable to sit in a chair without a back because chairs with a back are comfortable.
It is not possible that there's never a spark when you take your sweater off in winter because in dry winter, friction between synthetic fabrics can spark static electricity
It is not possible that there's never a spark when you take your sweater off in winter because sparks can happen when you take off your sweater in winter.
It is not possible that there's never a spark when you take your sweater off in winter because when you take your sweater off in winter there are sparks generated easily
It is not possible that people feel strong when they catch a cold because cold affects the body's immune system and makes people weak
It is not possible that people feel strong when they catch a cold because when people are sick with a cold they need to rest because their immune system has been weakened.
It is not possible that people feel strong when they catch a cold because a cold causes weakness in the body.
It is not possible that she uses the trash bin to cook because trash bins are too unsanitary to cook
It is not possible that she uses the trash bin to cook because dirty trash bin is used only to put waste, it will be disgusting to cook.
It is not possible that she uses the trash bin to cook because you need an oven to cook
It is not possible that there are more mosquitoes in the day than at night because mosquitoes are nocturnal
It is not possible that there are more mosquitoes in the day than at night because mosquitoes don't survive in day light.
It is not possible that there are more mosquitoes in the day than at night because mosquitoes are more likely to be seen at night.
It is not possible that snow is red because snow is usually white, not red
It is not possible that snow is red because snow is not naturally red, it is white.
It is not possible that snow is red because the snow can only be red if it is painted.
It is not possible that open the wall when you get up in the morning because wall cannot be opened
It is not possible that open the wall when you get up in the morning because a wall is a structure that defines an area, carries windows and doors hence doors and windows can be opened but wall cannot.
It is not possible that open the wall when you get up in the morning because a wall is solid and cannot be opened like a door or window.
It is not possible that human blood is green because human blood contains a large number of red blood cells so it is red
It is not possible that human blood is green because the color of human blood is incorrect.
It is not possible that human blood is green because every human on earth has red blood.
It is not possible that wintersweet blossoms in summer because wintersweet usually blossoms in a low temperature
It is not possible that wintersweet blossoms in summer because wintersweet does not blossom in summer.
It is not possible that wintersweet blossoms in summer because each season offers its specific flower
It is not possible that bamboo is solid because the hollow trunk is the characteristic of bamboo
It is not possible that bamboo is solid because bamboo is not a solid material.
It is not possible that bamboo is solid because bamboo doesn't have anything in the middle of it
It is not possible that doors can be opened without the key when they are locked because you can only unlock the locked door with a key
It is not possible that doors can be opened without the key when they are locked because doors need a key to be unlocked, so they cant be opened without the key.
It is not possible that doors can be opened without the key when they are locked because keys are made to open locked doors.
It is not possible that glue can't be used to stick things because glue is sticky and its function is to stick things
It is not possible that glue can't be used to stick things because glue is used specifically to stick things to something else.
It is not possible that glue can't be used to stick things because the entire purpose of glue is to stick things together.
It is not possible that pyramids are used for living because the pyramids are the tombs of ancient egyptian kings
It is not possible that pyramids are used for living because people do not live in pyramids
It is not possible that pyramids are used for living because i can live without a pyramid
It is not possible that get up early in the morning and open the window to block fresh air out because opening the window will let fresh air in, not block it out
It is not possible that get up early in the morning and open the window to block fresh air out because opening a window invites air in.
It is not possible that get up early in the morning and open the window to block fresh air out because you open a window to let fresh air in
It is not possible that hot springs are icy because groundwater flows through hot magma and turns into hot water so the hot springs are hot
It is not possible that hot springs are icy because something that is hot cannot be icy.
It is not possible that hot springs are icy because icy is implying it's cold.
It is not possible that a towel can not dry the water on your body because towels have a certain degree of water absorption.
It is not possible that a towel can not dry the water on your body because towels are made with the exclusive purpose of drying water.
It is not possible that a towel can not dry the water on your body because towels are made to dry.
It is not possible that plastic does not change when exposed to sunlight because plastic ages and becomes brittle when exposed to sunlight
It is not possible that plastic does not change when exposed to sunlight because plastic is heated by sunlight
It is not possible that plastic does not change when exposed to sunlight because the quality of plastic changes when exposed to sunlight.
It is not possible that a building can float on water because a building is too heavy to float on water
It is not possible that a building can float on water because most buildings are not made to float
It is not possible that a building can float on water because buildings are too heavy to float.
It is not possible that the silk road was paved with silk because silk is the primary commercial on the silk road, not the paving material
It is not possible that the silk road was paved with silk because the "silk road" is not to be taken as literal.
It is not possible that the silk road was paved with silk because a road paved with silk would get dirty too quickly.
It is not possible that there are still living dinosaurs in the world because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that there are still living dinosaurs in the world because alligators and crocodiles look like mini dinosaurs.
It is not possible that there are still living dinosaurs in the world because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that cut apples don't change color when they expose in the air for a long time because open apples oxidize when exposed to air
It is not possible that cut apples don't change color when they expose in the air for a long time because this is wrong because oxygen triggers an enzyme in the exposed apple's flesh turning it yellow.
It is not possible that cut apples don't change color when they expose in the air for a long time because cut apples are know for turning brown after a short amount of time.
It is not possible that smoking has no effect on health because cigarettes contain a lot of harmful substances
It is not possible that smoking has no effect on health because smoking causes damage to health, especially the respiratory tract
It is not possible that smoking has no effect on health because there is empirical data that points to smoking having adverse health effects on humans
It is not possible that owls have very stiff necks because an owl can turn its head around 270 degrees
It is not possible that owls have very stiff necks because owls are known for for rotating their necks.
It is not possible that owls have very stiff necks because owls can rotate their necks which woould be difficult if their necks were stiff
It is not possible that the largest area on earth is the land because oceans cover about 71 percent of the earth's surface area
It is not possible that the largest area on earth is the land because the ocean covers the most area on the earth.
It is not possible that the largest area on earth is the land because the earth is three-quarters water.
It is not possible that the tongue cannot taste because there are many taste buds on the tongue so it can taste
It is not possible that the tongue cannot taste because the tongue is known most for it's ability to taste.
It is not possible that the tongue cannot taste because the tongue has taste buds
It is not possible that honey peaches are not peaches because honey peaches is a kind of peaches
It is not possible that honey peaches are not peaches because if it's name is peaches it should be peaches
It is not possible that honey peaches are not peaches because all peaches are different types of peaches.
It is not possible that human appearance is only determined by their genes because human appearance is determined by both genes and the external environment
It is not possible that human appearance is only determined by their genes because make-up, plastic surgery are not genetic
It is not possible that human appearance is only determined by their genes because people can have surgery to change appearances.
It is not possible that edible salt cannot be used for seasoning because salt adds saltiness to food so it can be used for seasoning
It is not possible that edible salt cannot be used for seasoning because edible salt is fine for seasoning.
It is not possible that edible salt cannot be used for seasoning because salt is often used for seasoning
It is not possible that sugar and salt taste the same because sugar tastes sweet and salty tastes salty
It is not possible that sugar and salt taste the same because sugar is sweet and salt is not.
It is not possible that sugar and salt taste the same because sweet and salty are different kinds of flavors
It is not possible that when there is no water when thirsty, you can use oil instead because oil is not drinkable
It is not possible that when there is no water when thirsty, you can use oil instead because oil cannot quench thirst like water, it does not hydrate
It is not possible that when there is no water when thirsty, you can use oil instead because only water can quench our thirst.
It is not possible that glass must be transparent because some kinds of glass are not transparent
It is not possible that glass must be transparent because glass doesn't have to be transparent.
It is not possible that glass must be transparent because stained glass is not transparent
It is not possible that she uses a pen to cut papers because pens don't have the function of cutting papers
It is not possible that she uses a pen to cut papers because pens are not used for cutting papers.
It is not possible that she uses a pen to cut papers because only scissors can cut, not pens.
It is not possible that aunt is a male because aunt is my father's sister which is a female
It is not possible that aunt is a male because aunt is a woman who is my father's sister
It is not possible that aunt is a male because an aunt is a woman.
It is not possible that a magnifying glass zooms out objects insight because the function of a magnifying glass is to magnify objects insight
It is not possible that a magnifying glass zooms out objects insight because the very nature of a magnifying glass is to magnify
It is not possible that a magnifying glass zooms out objects insight because it zooms "in", not "out"
It is not possible that a man has four legs because a man is an upright walking animal so he should have two legs
It is not possible that a man has four legs because humans don't have four legs.
It is not possible that a man has four legs because all men have two legs unless they had a malformation at birth.
It is not possible that eyelashes grow above the mouths because eyelashes grow at the front of the eyelid
It is not possible that eyelashes grow above the mouths because hair above the mouth is a mustashe.
It is not possible that eyelashes grow above the mouths because eyelashes grow above your eyes on your eyelids.
It is not possible that normal people can only see black and white because the retinas in normal eyes can distinguish between different colors
It is not possible that normal people can only see black and white because normal people do not have any vision problem
It is not possible that normal people can only see black and white because normal people see in color.
It is not possible that durian has no smell because durian has a unique smell which some people may find it annoying
It is not possible that durian has no smell because durian is a fruit known for it's bad smell.
It is not possible that durian has no smell because durian is a fruit, and all fruits smell.
It is not possible that pandas are colorful on the outside because the panda's appearance is only black and white
It is not possible that pandas are colorful on the outside because pandas posses camouflage property and it has only 2 colors black and white , but they are not really colorful.
It is not possible that pandas are colorful on the outside because pandas not a multicolor animal
It is not possible that seahorses live on the grassland because seahorses is marine life and lives in the sea
It is not possible that seahorses live on the grassland because seahorses swims in the sea water.
It is not possible that seahorses live on the grassland because horses live on the grassland
It is not possible that the body can only sweat through the tongue because sweat glands are distributed all over the surface of the skin
It is not possible that the body can only sweat through the tongue because tongues don't have sweat glands
It is not possible that the body can only sweat through the tongue because the tongue does not sweat
It is not possible that bitter melon has a smooth surface because bitter melon has many bumps on the surface
It is not possible that bitter melon has a smooth surface because bitter melon has a rough surface.
It is not possible that bitter melon has a smooth surface because bitter melon having surface with ridges and triangular "teath"
It is not possible that seedless watermelons have no fruit because all the watermelons have fruit
It is not possible that seedless watermelons have no fruit because a watermelon is a fruit
It is not possible that seedless watermelons have no fruit because watermelons are fruits.
It is not possible that birds can only fly because birds can both walk and fly
It is not possible that birds can only fly because if birds could only fly they would die of exhaustion
It is not possible that birds can only fly because birds can walk on their legs
It is not possible that squirrels have very small tails because squirrels have big tails to keep balance
It is not possible that squirrels have very small tails because squirrels have large tails for balance
It is not possible that squirrels have very small tails because squirrels have big bushy tails
It is not possible that leaves will not fall because the leaves contain abscisic acid which makes them fall
It is not possible that leaves will not fall because at some point leaves die and fall from a tree
It is not possible that leaves will not fall because leaves will fall because of gravity
It is not possible that snakes never shed their skins because shedding skins is a normal physiological phenomenon for snakes
It is not possible that snakes never shed their skins because snakes shed when they grow.
It is not possible that snakes never shed their skins because snakes have to shed their skin to grow
It is not possible that people never yawn because people yawn when they feel tired
It is not possible that people never yawn because yawning is a common symptom of having sleep and tiredness
It is not possible that people never yawn because people yawn when they're tired.
It is not possible that snakes walk on their feet because snakes have no feet
It is not possible that snakes walk on their feet because snakes don't have feet
It is not possible that snakes walk on their feet because snakes don't have feet.
It is not possible that people's hair will still be black when they get old because the melanin in hair decreases as the body ages.
It is not possible that people's hair will still be black when they get old because most old people have white hair.
It is not possible that people's hair will still be black when they get old because old people's hair always turns gray or white.
It is not possible that ostriches can fly because the wings of the ostrich are too weak to help them fly
It is not possible that ostriches can fly because ostriches are too heavy and have small wings, so they cannot fly.
It is not possible that ostriches can fly because ostriches are water animals.
It is not possible that winter in antarctica is warmer than that in australia because winter in antarctica is the coldest
It is not possible that winter in antarctica is warmer than that in australia because winter in australia is warmer than in antarctica
It is not possible that winter in antarctica is warmer than that in australia because antarctica is the coldest place on earth.
It is not possible that every volcano erupts because extinct volcanoes are inactive
It is not possible that every volcano erupts because volcanoes by their nature are created through eruptions
It is not possible that every volcano erupts because volcanoes can be calm and still for many years and many never erupt.
It is not possible that a camel's hump is useless because a camel's hump stores a lot of fat
It is not possible that a camel's hump is useless because we can have a nice journey only with the help of hump.
It is not possible that a camel's hump is useless because its necessary because it stores fat for when food is scarce.
It is not possible that there are many green plants in the desert because the desert climate is dry and not conducive to plant growth
It is not possible that there are many green plants in the desert because green plants need water of which there is little in a desert.
It is not possible that there are many green plants in the desert because in the desert it's so dry that there can't grow any plants there
It is not possible that clouds will fall onto the ground because the water vapor that forms clouds is very light in mass.
It is not possible that clouds will fall onto the ground because clouds are not a solid.
It is not possible that clouds will fall onto the ground because clouds do not fall from the sky
It is not possible that clouds are solid because clouds are formed from water vapor
It is not possible that clouds are solid because if clouds were solid they would fall out of the sky.
It is not possible that clouds are solid because clouds are made up of water vapor
It is not possible that the tide of the sea never rises or falls because the seawater has the phenomenon of high tide and low tide
It is not possible that the tide of the sea never rises or falls because tides are meant to rise and fall.
It is not possible that the tide of the sea never rises or falls because the tide rises and falls every day
It is not possible that the sun is an iced ball because fusion of hydrogen atoms inside the sun produces a lot of heat
It is not possible that the sun is an iced ball because the sun brings warm and could burn
It is not possible that the sun is an iced ball because the sun is a ball of fire, so does not contain ice.
It is not possible that the earth is a cube because the earth is an irregular oval sphere
It is not possible that the earth is a cube because the earth is round, as confirmed by astronauts and astronomers
It is not possible that the earth is a cube because the earth is round.
It is not possible that fish cannot float or sink in water because fish can control their ups and downs through swim bladder
It is not possible that fish cannot float or sink in water because fish live in water
It is not possible that fish cannot float or sink in water because this is the means of transportation for fish
It is not possible that fish will jump out of the water before stock plunge because fish cannot be able to know when there will be a stock plunge
It is not possible that fish will jump out of the water before stock plunge because fish jump out of the water to catch their food
It is not possible that fish will jump out of the water before stock plunge because fish are seen jumping prior to rain
It is not possible that ostriches never stick their heads in the sand because ostriches often eat sand with their heads down to help with food digestion
It is not possible that ostriches never stick their heads in the sand because ostriches are known for their funny characteristic of sticking their heads in the sand.
It is not possible that ostriches never stick their heads in the sand because ostriches are known to stick their head in the sand
It is not possible that butterflies line up when flying because butterflies do not have the habit of lining up when flying
It is not possible that butterflies line up when flying because butterflies flight patterns are not lined up
It is not possible that butterflies line up when flying because if butterflies lined up when flying i would be rich
It is not possible that sugar can decay the spine because sugar can't directly contact the spine
It is not possible that sugar can decay the spine because spine doesn't contain any decaying objects.
It is not possible that sugar can decay the spine because the spine is not hear sugar when you eat it
It is not possible that water evaporates into vapor when the temperature goes down because the evaporation process of water requires a high temperature
It is not possible that water evaporates into vapor when the temperature goes down because water will freeze if temperatures go down
It is not possible that water evaporates into vapor when the temperature goes down because water cools down when the temprature is low
It is not possible that his obsession with sports brought him poor health because sports is good for health
It is not possible that his obsession with sports brought him poor health because sport is not normally bad for you.
It is not possible that his obsession with sports brought him poor health because sports keep you healthy
It is not possible that trees in metropolitan have become taller than ever because the increase in city size has no relation to the height of trees
It is not possible that trees in metropolitan have become taller than ever because metropolitan areas are lined with streets and buildings, so the environment for growing trees is not optimal.
It is not possible that trees in metropolitan have become taller than ever because you can hardly see any trees in a metropolitan
It is not possible that he was fired because he succeeded in meeting the requirements of the company because meeting the company's requirements can't be a reason to dismiss employees
It is not possible that he was fired because he succeeded in meeting the requirements of the company because if someone succeedes in a task given to him or her, he/she gets promoted
It is not possible that he was fired because he succeeded in meeting the requirements of the company because he was fired for failing to meet the company's requirements.
It is not possible that i turned up my collar against the fog to keep warm because fog filled the air and the collar can't stop it
It is not possible that i turned up my collar against the fog to keep warm because i rotate up my collar against the wind to keep warm
It is not possible that i turned up my collar against the fog to keep warm because turning up collar against the fog can not save us from the cold
It is not possible that this device is designed for the conversion of usable products into waste because converting usable products into waste is a waste of resources
It is not possible that this device is designed for the conversion of usable products into waste because an item that is a usable object is already in the form needed for it's purpose.
It is not possible that this device is designed for the conversion of usable products into waste because waste is something we are trying to reduce not create
It is not possible that squirrel will make a store of leaves for the winter because leaves don't bring enough nutrition to squirrels in winter
It is not possible that squirrel will make a store of leaves for the winter because squirrels will store acorns for the winter months.
It is not possible that squirrel will make a store of leaves for the winter because squirrel will make a store of nuts for the winter .because it does not eat leaves
It is not possible that babies often walk on the floor before they learn to crawl because the baby's development sequence is to crawl first and then walk
It is not possible that babies often walk on the floor before they learn to crawl because we learn to crawl before we learn to walk.
It is not possible that babies often walk on the floor before they learn to crawl because babies crawl before walking
It is not possible that he has put himself under undue strain and needs to exercise vigorously because vigorous exercise will only increase the burden on the body
It is not possible that he has put himself under undue strain and needs to exercise vigorously because vigerous exercise is strenuous
It is not possible that he has put himself under undue strain and needs to exercise vigorously because if there is strain in our body, we must exercise carefully
It is not possible that he drunk a lot at the party so he is sober enough to drive us home because it is difficult to stay sober after drinking a lot of, and driving is very dangerous at this time
It is not possible that he drunk a lot at the party so he is sober enough to drive us home because if people drink alcohol, they are not sober and it is dangerous if they drive.
It is not possible that he drunk a lot at the party so he is sober enough to drive us home because one cannot be sober after getting drunk.
It is not possible that the little girl who forgot to bring a coat shivered in the warm because warm weather doesn't make one shiver
It is not possible that the little girl who forgot to bring a coat shivered in the warm because you don't shiver in the warm
It is not possible that the little girl who forgot to bring a coat shivered in the warm because because people do not shiver when it is warm.
It is not possible that the boat can provide against the flood because the boat is too small to stop the flood
It is not possible that the boat can provide against the flood because flood destroys everything including boats.
It is not possible that the boat can provide against the flood because boats can be useful to stay on the foul and not stall
It is not possible that he eats stale bread for breakfast every day because the taste and safety of stale bread have declined and can no longer be eaten
It is not possible that he eats stale bread for breakfast every day because no one eats stale bread rather eat fresh bread
It is not possible that he eats stale bread for breakfast every day because eating stale bread is unhealthy.
It is not possible that a veteran driver often gets lost because veteran drivers are very familiar with road conditions and will not get lost
It is not possible that a veteran driver often gets lost because veterans are not only people who get lost
It is not possible that a veteran driver often gets lost because a novice driver has less confidence behind the wheel.
It is not possible that the waiter brought us the drinks by a towel because the towel is too soft to hold the drink cup
It is not possible that the waiter brought us the drinks by a towel because a drink should be placed on a sturdy, flat object when being transported from one area to another.
It is not possible that the waiter brought us the drinks by a towel because towel is not for bringing drink, tray is.
It is not possible that the boy, buying a book, was chased out by the shopkeeper because buying books will not be chased out by the shopkeeper
It is not possible that the boy, buying a book, was chased out by the shopkeeper because a shopkeeper does not chase his/her customer
It is not possible that the boy, buying a book, was chased out by the shopkeeper because a shopkeeper wouldn't chase you for buying something,
It is not possible that patients with hypertension should increase the daily intake of salt because increasing the daily intake of salt will make hypertension more serious
It is not possible that patients with hypertension should increase the daily intake of salt because iodine less salt can intake
It is not possible that patients with hypertension should increase the daily intake of salt because salt is bad for hypertension.
It is not possible that it is a common truth that boys are smarter than girls because there is no evidence that boys must be smarter than girls
It is not possible that it is a common truth that boys are smarter than girls because boys are not smarter than girls
It is not possible that it is a common truth that boys are smarter than girls because boys are not smarter then girls.
It is not possible that my weight fluctuated wildly depending on how long my hair was because the length of hair has nothing to do with the fluctuation of body weight
It is not possible that my weight fluctuated wildly depending on how long my hair was because long hair does not effect weight.
It is not possible that my weight fluctuated wildly depending on how long my hair was because there is no connection between hair growth and gaining/losing weight.
It is not possible that dip your hair in to see how hot the water is because hair can't feel the temperature of the water
It is not possible that dip your hair in to see how hot the water is because dip your face in to see how hot the water is
It is not possible that dip your hair in to see how hot the water is because hair cannot feel the temperature.
It is not possible that rain will destroy forests because normal rainwater is not corrosive
It is not possible that rain will destroy forests because rain helps forest
It is not possible that rain will destroy forests because forests need rain to grow
It is not possible that power shortage poses a threat to many rare species on earth because animals don't need electricity, and power shortage will not affect them
It is not possible that power shortage poses a threat to many rare species on earth because human activities and production only are affected by power shortage.
It is not possible that power shortage poses a threat to many rare species on earth because power shortages causes a big inconvenience to people.
It is not possible that he pushed hard on the acceleration pedal to avoid a collision because pushing on the acceleration pedal will speed up the car and can not avoid a collision
It is not possible that he pushed hard on the acceleration pedal to avoid a collision because if you push on the accelerator you will go faster.
It is not possible that he pushed hard on the acceleration pedal to avoid a collision because the vehicle is sure to collide if the acceleration pedal is pushed as the speed of the vehicle would increase.
It is not possible that he washed his car down with the garden rake because the rake is very sharp and cannot be used to clean the car
It is not possible that he washed his car down with the garden rake because garden rake is not used for washing the car and it can damage the car.
It is not possible that he washed his car down with the garden rake because garden rakes would scratch cars and don't spray water so you can't wash a car with one.
It is not possible that we took the children to the zoo to see the ships because the ship does not stop at the zoo
It is not possible that we took the children to the zoo to see the ships because zoos are full of animals.
It is not possible that we took the children to the zoo to see the ships because ships are not available in any zoo.
It is not possible that we collected shells on the lawn because there are no shells on the lawn
It is not possible that we collected shells on the lawn because you find shells at the seaside.
It is not possible that we collected shells on the lawn because shells are found along shorelines, while lawns are known to have grass.
It is not possible that my mom bought the sofa at the electric power company because electricity companies don't sell sofas
It is not possible that my mom bought the sofa at the electric power company because an electric power company  does not sell sofa.
It is not possible that my mom bought the sofa at the electric power company because electric power company does not sell sofa departmental store does.
It is not possible that now many students must choose science subjects because besides science, there are many subjects for students to choose from
It is not possible that now many students must choose science subjects because every subject has their own benifits, so one must a subject of his own interest
It is not possible that now many students must choose science subjects because science subject is not necessary for many students to be chosen.
It is not possible that his father is a wealthy businessman so he always worries about the money because rich families have enough money and money is not a problem for them
It is not possible that his father is a wealthy businessman so he always worries about the money because a person from a wealthy family hardly worries about money
It is not possible that his father is a wealthy businessman so he always worries about the money because due to theft he worries about money
It is not possible that a gentle breeze destroyed the city because the breeze is not strong enough to destroy a city
It is not possible that a gentle breeze destroyed the city because a breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a city.
It is not possible that a gentle breeze destroyed the city because a gentle breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a city
It is not possible that they recalled the good days in the future together because the future has not happened and cannot be recalled
It is not possible that they recalled the good days in the future together because past memories only should be recalled
It is not possible that they recalled the good days in the future together because future is yet to come so it cannot be recalled.
It is not possible that there were so many people that i had to jump the queue for the toilets because it is immoral to jump the queue
It is not possible that there were so many people that i had to jump the queue for the toilets because one cannot jump the queue for any reason.
It is not possible that there were so many people that i had to jump the queue for the toilets because jumping queues is considered a bad habit and rather one can request for help at emergencies.
It is not possible that bad weather makes traffic jam better because bad weather will affect road conditions and will not make traffic jams better
It is not possible that bad weather makes traffic jam better because weather storms slow down traffic.
It is not possible that bad weather makes traffic jam better because traffic jam get  worse  in the bad weather not better.
It is not possible that when eating fish, remove the fish meat because fish meat is edible and should not be removed
It is not possible that when eating fish, remove the fish meat because if meat is removed from fish, nothing would be there to eat.
It is not possible that when eating fish, remove the fish meat because we eat the meat of a fish and remove the bones
It is not possible that salesmen always introduce the disadvantages of their products to customers because introducing the shortcomings of the product will make customers lose their desire to buy it
It is not possible that salesmen always introduce the disadvantages of their products to customers because if disadvantages of products are discussed by salesmen they would be fired.
It is not possible that salesmen always introduce the disadvantages of their products to customers because salwan always exaggerate how good their goods are
It is not possible that this month's expenditure has exceeded the limit, so we can eat in the restaurant for the next time because eating in restaurants will cost more money
It is not possible that this month's expenditure has exceeded the limit, so we can eat in the restaurant for the next time because if you have overspent you have no money
It is not possible that this month's expenditure has exceeded the limit, so we can eat in the restaurant for the next time because when the expenditure has exceeded the limit one cannot eat in the restaurant due to financial constraints
It is not possible that it is easy to look for a needle in the haystack because needle is too small for a haystack, so it is not easy to find it
It is not possible that it is easy to look for a needle in the haystack because a needle is very similar to hay in regards to size, appearance, and weight.
It is not possible that it is easy to look for a needle in the haystack because haystack consist of large hays
It is not possible that if your hands are dirty, you must wipe them with tissue because using tissue is not the only way to clean your hands
It is not possible that if your hands are dirty, you must wipe them with tissue because if your hands are dirty, you need to wash them with soap and water.
It is not possible that if your hands are dirty, you must wipe them with tissue because there are several different items that one can use to clean dirty hands.
It is not possible that it's right to drink and drive because drunk driving is prone to cause accidents
It is not possible that it's right to drink and drive because driving while intoxicated has caused a lot of deadly accidents.
It is not possible that it's right to drink and drive because drink and drive can be the cause of accident and it can not be right.
It is not possible that woodpeckers can jump between trees because woodpeckers can fly between trees but can't jump
It is not possible that woodpeckers can jump between trees because woodpeckers fly from one tree to another
It is not possible that woodpeckers can jump between trees because woodpeckers are birds, they fly not jump between trees.
It is not possible that it's summer and few flowers are in bloom because summer's temperature is good for flowering
It is not possible that it's summer and few flowers are in bloom because spring into summer is prime time for flowers to bloom.
It is not possible that it's summer and few flowers are in bloom because summer is a season when many flowers are in bloom
It is not possible that plum blossoms bloom in summer because winter temperatures are suitable for plum blossom
It is not possible that plum blossoms bloom in summer because summer is not the season for plum blossoms.
It is not possible that plum blossoms bloom in summer because summer is not the season for plum blossoms.
It is not possible that watermelon can't be eaten in summer because watermelons ripe in summer
It is not possible that watermelon can't be eaten in summer because watermelon refreshes the human body in summer
It is not possible that watermelon can't be eaten in summer because watermelon is delicious to eat in the summer.
It is not possible that rainbows usually appear in the evening because the natural conditions after rain favor rainbows
It is not possible that rainbows usually appear in the evening because rainbows only come when it is raining.
It is not possible that rainbows usually appear in the evening because rainbows can not be seen at night.
It is not possible that tomatoes taste good when they are stale because fresh vegetables usually taste better than stale vegetables
It is not possible that tomatoes taste good when they are stale because stale tomatoes, or any kind of stale consumable for that matter, has less flavor then before.
It is not possible that tomatoes taste good when they are stale because tomatoes rot with time
It is not possible that cows eat meat because the cow's digestive system cannot digest meat
It is not possible that cows eat meat because cows are herbivorous animals.
It is not possible that cows eat meat because cows eat carnivores.
It is not possible that use the elevator when there is a fire because using the elevator when there is a fire is dangerous
It is not possible that use the elevator when there is a fire because you may become trapped in an elevator when there is a fire.
It is not possible that use the elevator when there is a fire because elevators do not work during fire.
It is not possible that she loves her father and wants to marry him because a father can't marry his daughter
It is not possible that she loves her father and wants to marry him because you don't marry your father
It is not possible that she loves her father and wants to marry him because no daughter wants to marry her own father.
It is not possible that he is too happy to say "hello" to his teacher because being too happy is not a reason not to greet the teacher
It is not possible that he is too happy to say "hello" to his teacher because happiness is not responsible for not saying "hello" to anyone.
It is not possible that he is too happy to say "hello" to his teacher because if someone is happy, he can say "hello" to the others easily
It is not possible that you should go to school late because going to school early is a good quality of a student
It is not possible that you should go to school late because going shool late is against the discipline
It is not possible that you should go to school late because you  should go to school early because it is a desipilen.
It is not possible that it's right to run away when you do something wrong because people should be responsible for their own faults
It is not possible that it's right to run away when you do something wrong because society teaches us from infancy that owning up to our actions is the correct thing to do.
It is not possible that it's right to run away when you do something wrong because you have to face the concequences for your actions
It is not possible that the old man likes to go diving because diving is too dangerous for old men
It is not possible that the old man likes to go diving because diving is easy for young people
It is not possible that the old man likes to go diving because old men avoid any hard physical activity
It is not possible that we must smoke in public because smoking in public places is forbidden
It is not possible that we must smoke in public because smoking is injurious to health and it causes the cancer to people.
It is not possible that we must smoke in public because it is illegal to smoke in public
It is not possible that man can be born again because man only has one life
It is not possible that man can be born again because human lives once.
It is not possible that man can be born again because a man can only be born once
It is not possible that you must get success if you work hard because no one can be sure to succeed even they work really hard
It is not possible that you must get success if you work hard because working hard can get you success but its not compulsory
It is not possible that you must get success if you work hard because nobody is can be certain of success.
It is not possible that all mosquitoes suck blood because only female mosquitoes can suck blood, but male mosquitoes can't
It is not possible that all mosquitoes suck blood because there are many different types of mosquito.
It is not possible that all mosquitoes suck blood because it is not necessary for mosquitoes to suck blood.
It is not possible that you can take other people's things without permission because it's impolite and illegal to take other people's things casually
It is not possible that you can take other people's things without permission because things without permission is not a good habit and it causes problems between them
It is not possible that you can take other people's things without permission because taking other's belongings without asking first is considered stealing.
It is not possible that eating lots of sugar can not make people fat because sugar has a lot of calories and makes people fat
It is not possible that eating lots of sugar can not make people fat because every one gets fat by eating lots of sugar.
It is not possible that eating lots of sugar can not make people fat because sugar causes fat if eaten excessively
It is not possible that pedestrians should not obey traffic regulations because failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents
It is not possible that pedestrians should not obey traffic regulations because everybody has to obey traffic regulations.
It is not possible that pedestrians should not obey traffic regulations because it is dangerous if pedestrians do not follow traffic rules as they might get hurt.
It is not possible that same-sex cannot marry in this world because same-sex marriage is legal in some countries.
It is not possible that same-sex cannot marry in this world because reproduction process will be correct only to opposite genders to produce new generation
It is not possible that same-sex cannot marry in this world because same sex marriages are newly becoming legalized in this world.
It is not possible that students can eat in class because eating in class is a violation of classroom discipline.
It is not possible that students can eat in class because if students eat in class, tables and book would be stained.
It is not possible that students can eat in class because students eat in a canyeen
It is not possible that family discord is good for children's growth because family discord can cause physical and mental harm to children
It is not possible that family discord is good for children's growth because family discord disrupts family and affects children.
It is not possible that family discord is good for children's growth because children growth is depends on family happiness
It is not possible that i can make a snowman in summer because there is no snow in the summer.
It is not possible that i can make a snowman in summer because i can make a snowman in spring
It is not possible that i can make a snowman in summer because snow is created only in winter.
It is not possible that we can see stars in the daytime because because of the strong sunlight, people can not see stats in the daytime
It is not possible that we can see stars in the daytime because we can't see stars in the daytime.because they shine in night time only
It is not possible that we can see stars in the daytime because we can see stars after the sun goes down and the city lights are low.
It is not possible that minors may marry because underage is not old enough to marry.
It is not possible that minors may marry because minors are still under parents care and have poor judgement.
It is not possible that minors may marry because minors are under the age where they can legally get married.
It is not possible that a tadpole's mother is a tadpole because frogs grow from tadpoles.
It is not possible that a tadpole's mother is a tadpole because a tadpole cannot lay eggs to become a mother.
It is not possible that a tadpole's mother is a tadpole because tadpoles are infant frogs, an infant can not be a parent.
It is not possible that people carry umbrellas on windy days because umbrellas are not usually used in windy weather.
It is not possible that people carry umbrellas on windy days because umbrellas are not used as protection from the wind, and the wind could cause them to fly out of a person's hands.
It is not possible that people carry umbrellas on windy days because umbrellas are used for covering someone from rain.
It is not possible that typhoons often occur inland because there is no sea inland and therefore no typhoon.
It is not possible that typhoons often occur inland because typhoons are very dangerous and happen out in the ocean.
It is not possible that typhoons often occur inland because typhoons often occur in desert areas
It is not possible that the moon can shine by itself because only fixed stars shine and the moon is not a fixed star.
It is not possible that the moon can shine by itself because moon has no light of its own.
It is not possible that the moon can shine by itself because the moon requires the sun to shine as space is dark and the moon does not project light
It is not possible that people always sleep during the day because people usually work during the day and rest at night.
It is not possible that people always sleep during the day because people who work grave shifts sleep during the day.
It is not possible that people always sleep during the day because people are awake during the day as the sun is out
It is not possible that stop at a yellow light when driving because drive slowly at yellow lights but do not need to stop
It is not possible that stop at a yellow light when driving because yellow sign means get ready to go.
It is not possible that stop at a yellow light when driving because a yellow light signals to slow down.
It is not possible that knives are safe to small children because a knife may cut a child, so it is dangerous
It is not possible that knives are safe to small children because as knives are sharp it is dangerous to children.
It is not possible that knives are safe to small children because knives are dangerous for adults who know how to use them, knives in the care of  children is definitely a hazard.
It is not possible that drama makes people feel scared because drama makes people feel happy but not scared
It is not possible that drama makes people feel scared because scaring acts are not performed in drama.
It is not possible that drama makes people feel scared because people will fear for horror movies due to the sound effects.
It is not possible that too much sugar is good for your teeth because eating too much sugar can cause tooth decay.
It is not possible that too much sugar is good for your teeth because sugar attracts harmful bacteria that destroy the tooth's enamel, which can cause a cavity in the affected tooth
It is not possible that too much sugar is good for your teeth because too much sugar is not good for teeth
It is not possible that we can have hair for breakfast because hair is not food so you can't eat it.
It is not possible that we can have hair for breakfast because hair is not a food item to eat.
It is not possible that we can have hair for breakfast because no one can have or wants to have hair for breakfast.
It is not possible that birds are good at swimming because birds are good at flying, but fishes are good at swimming
It is not possible that birds are good at swimming because birds are good at flying
It is not possible that birds are good at swimming because birds are great at flying.
It is not possible that we see with our ears because the ear is an organ for hearing.
It is not possible that we see with our ears because ears can't see
It is not possible that we see with our ears because we see with our eyes and hear with our ears.
It is not possible that you can drive after drinking because driving after drinking is illegal behavior.
It is not possible that you can drive after drinking because you are not able to steer stably after drinking
It is not possible that you can drive after drinking because you can't drive after bathing
It is not possible that goldfish can blink because goldfish don't have lower eyelids so they can't blink.
It is not possible that goldfish can blink because it is well known that goldfish can not blink.
It is not possible that goldfish can blink because goldfish don't have eyelids
It is not possible that the refrigerator is very light because the refrigerator weighs a lot.
It is not possible that the refrigerator is very light because refrigerators are heavy.
It is not possible that the refrigerator is very light because refrigerators are large and made of heavy materials.
It is not possible that time can be turned back because lost time is never found again.
It is not possible that time can be turned back because time flow forward
It is not possible that time can be turned back because time only goes forward.
It is not possible that money can buy everything because money can't buy life.
It is not possible that money can buy everything because there are things that are not monetary and things that can not be obtained with money.
It is not possible that money can buy everything because not everything is for sale.
It is not possible that prosperity makes people grow because good times make it hard to learn new things.
It is not possible that prosperity makes people grow because if you are prospering you wouldn't change
It is not possible that prosperity makes people grow because prosperity spoils people.
It is not possible that summer is too hot to wear a condole belt because suspenders are summer clothes.
It is not possible that summer is too hot to wear a condole belt because a condole belt can be easily worn in summer inspite of the heat.
It is not possible that summer is too hot to wear a condole belt because a condole belt is a cloth to be worn in the summers
It is not possible that you can go to the drugstore to buy food because the drugstore is the place where the medicine is sold.
It is not possible that you can go to the drugstore to buy food because drugstores don't sell food
It is not possible that you can go to the drugstore to buy food because drugstores sell drugsnot food
It is not possible that people play football on the basketball court because a basketball court is a place where you play basketball.
It is not possible that people play football on the basketball court because you play football am a football pitch
It is not possible that people play football on the basketball court because a football game requires a large, open field of at least 100 yards.
It is not possible that teachers like students with poor grades because students with poor grades are usually disliked by teachers.
It is not possible that teachers like students with poor grades because teachers prefer children with good grades.
It is not possible that teachers like students with poor grades because students with poor grades are generally disliked
It is not possible that i can do my homework with chalk because chalk is used to write board books.
It is not possible that i can do my homework with chalk because i can finish my homework with chalk and a chalkboard.
It is not possible that i can do my homework with chalk because chalk doesn't work on paper
It is not possible that tom made a lot of friends because he was very introverted because introverts often have difficulty making many friends.
It is not possible that tom made a lot of friends because he was very introverted because tom was very social and made a lot of friends.
It is not possible that tom made a lot of friends because he was very introverted because introverted people find it hard to make friends
It is not possible that there are many clouds in the sea because clouds only appear in the sky.
It is not possible that there are many clouds in the sea because clouds do not form in the sea.
It is not possible that there are many clouds in the sea because the clouds are all over the sea
It is not possible that i'm sad i got 100 on the english test because usually people don't get upset when they get a full mark on a test.
It is not possible that i'm sad i got 100 on the english test because 100 is a high score on a test, which is a good thing.
It is not possible that i'm sad i got 100 on the english test because getting 100 score in any test makes everyone glad.
It is not possible that people must always read in the sun because reading in the sun can damage your eyes, and we have other types of lights for reading
It is not possible that people must always read in the sun because it is not necessary to always read in the sun.
It is not possible that people must always read in the sun because yup don't need the sun to read
It is not possible that i eat a lot of junk food every day for my health because junk food is harmful to health.
It is not possible that i eat a lot of junk food every day for my health because junk food is bad for health
It is not possible that i eat a lot of junk food every day for my health because junk food is unhealthy
It is not possible that the doctor works at the police station because doctors work in hospitals.
It is not possible that the doctor works at the police station because doctors work at a doctors surgery.
It is not possible that the doctor works at the police station because doctors work in hospitals.
It is not possible that when we arrived at the railway station, the plane had flown away because the plane is parked at the airport rather than at the railway station.
It is not possible that when we arrived at the railway station, the plane had flown away because you find planes at the airport.
It is not possible that when we arrived at the railway station, the plane had flown away because a plane would not be at a railway station.
It is not possible that in order to protect the environment, people should drive more cars because driving more often can cause environmental pollution.
It is not possible that in order to protect the environment, people should drive more cars because if we want to protect the environment we should not drive more cars.
It is not possible that in order to protect the environment, people should drive more cars because cars pollute the environment
It is not possible that whales are egg-laying animals because whales are viviparous animals.
It is not possible that whales are egg-laying animals because whales are  mammals and do not lay eggs but give birth the same as we do and other mammals.
It is not possible that whales are egg-laying animals because whales are mammals and give live birth
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because dogs will die if they eat chocolate.
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because chocolate is poisonous to dogs.
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because chocolate is poisonous for dogs.
It is not possible that i can see the weather outside through the wall because the wall is not transparent and cannot see through it.
It is not possible that i can see the weather outside through the wall because a wall is a solid mass and can't be seem through.
It is not possible that i can see the weather outside through the wall because you cannot see through walls
It is not possible that watermelons are cheap in winter because watermelons are less in winter, so they are usually more expensive.
It is not possible that watermelons are cheap in winter because watermelons are harvested in summer
It is not possible that watermelons are cheap in winter because mostly watermelons are available in summer.
It is not possible that the logging union went to the grassland to cut down trees because there are no trees but grass on the grassland.
It is not possible that the logging union went to the grassland to cut down trees because there are no trees in grassland
It is not possible that the logging union went to the grassland to cut down trees because there are generally no trees in grasslands.
It is not possible that cars can run on rails because railways are for trains, not cars.
It is not possible that cars can run on rails because cars are designed to be driven on roads.
It is not possible that cars can run on rails because cars go on the road
It is not possible that cold is an incurable disease because cold is a small illness, and it's easy to treat.
It is not possible that cold is an incurable disease because the common cold is something everyone gets from time to time.
It is not possible that cold is an incurable disease because cold is very easily cured
It is not possible that playing basketball should wear slippers because wearing slippers can do great harm to your feet.
It is not possible that playing basketball should wear slippers because slippers are not fit for other than walking
It is not possible that playing basketball should wear slippers because slipper are not suitable for sport, they wouldn't protect your feet.
It is not possible that examination results are not important to students because the criterion for testing students is the examination results, so it is very important.
It is not possible that examination results are not important to students because when you take an exam passing is very important to you.
It is not possible that examination results are not important to students because students future is based on examination results
It is not possible that human needs to recover his strength through exercise because the exercise is a serious drain on physical strength, but sleep helps us recover from it
It is not possible that human needs to recover his strength through exercise because exercise is depletes are energy.
It is not possible that human needs to recover his strength through exercise because exercising would expend more energy, whereas recovery only happens by resting.
It is not possible that the human heart is always resting because stopping heartbeat means death
It is not possible that the human heart is always resting because if the human heart rests, one will die.
It is not possible that the human heart is always resting because the human heart is sometimes beating.
It is not possible that soldiers often need easy training because soldiers need to go through hard times.
It is not possible that soldiers often need easy training because it takes a lot of training to be a soldier.
It is not possible that soldiers often need easy training because soilders are trained to be tough and resilient.
It is not possible that the sun still exists on cloudy days because on cloudy days, dark clouds obscured the sun.
It is not possible that the sun still exists on cloudy days because clouds will cover the sun.
It is not possible that the sun still exists on cloudy days because the sun can be seen in a clear day
It is not possible that drinking too many drinks is good for your health because additives in beverages can cause harm to the body
It is not possible that drinking too many drinks is good for your health because there are many ingredient in all beverages, except water that can be harmful to different parts of your body.
It is not possible that drinking too many drinks is good for your health because drinks that contain alcohol can cause health problems so drinking too many could cause problems with your health.
It is not possible that coke is a fruit juice drink because coke is not made from fruit juice.
It is not possible that coke is a fruit juice drink because coke contains soda and it is made up of pop
It is not possible that coke is a fruit juice drink because coke is not made from fruits.
It is not possible that people should conflict with each other because people should live in peace and understand each other.
It is not possible that people should conflict with each other because conflict leads to enemity
It is not possible that people should conflict with each other because people shouldn't fight
It is not possible that you don't need to buy tickets when you take the train because everyone needs to buy tickets when they take the train.
It is not possible that you don't need to buy tickets when you take the train because you need to buy a ticket to take the train.
It is not possible that you don't need to buy tickets when you take the train because trains are a form of public transportation that cost money to operate, so payment is necessary for them to exist.
It is not possible that the duty of a doctor is to protect his family and his country because it is the duty of soldiers to protect their homes and their country
It is not possible that the duty of a doctor is to protect his family and his country because doctors, also known as physicians, are licensed health professionals who maintain and restore human health through the practice of medicine.
It is not possible that the duty of a doctor is to protect his family and his country because a doctor does not have any means to protect his country.
It is not possible that tides are an artificial behavior because tides are related to the motion of celestial bodies and are a natural phenomenon.
It is not possible that tides are an artificial behavior because tides are not man made occurances.
It is not possible that tides are an artificial behavior because tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon which is a fundamental physical force and is not created by man.
It is not possible that everyone wants to be ugly because beauty is what everyone pursues.
It is not possible that everyone wants to be ugly because people doest like ugly and their not seeing their own  characters and they want beautiful faces to impress others.
It is not possible that everyone wants to be ugly because no one wants to be ugly
It is not possible that wolf is a very gentle animal because wolves are very aggressive and fierce.
It is not possible that wolf is a very gentle animal because wolves are wild animals
It is not possible that wolf is a very gentle animal because wolves are very dangerous animals.
It is not possible that petroleum is a renewable energy source because oil is not renewable, so we need to protect the environment.
It is not possible that petroleum is a renewable energy source because petroleum comes from oil and that is a limited resource.
It is not possible that petroleum is a renewable energy source because petroleum is found only in small quantities and can be exhausted.
It is not possible that human beings usually sleep during the day and work at night because most people live according to daily work and night rest routine.
It is not possible that human beings usually sleep during the day and work at night because most humans do not work during night, we get tired when its dark
It is not possible that human beings usually sleep during the day and work at night because usually day is for working and night is for sleeping not vice a versa
It is not possible that dinosaurs are the ancestors of mankind because scientific research shows that monkeys are the ancestors of humans.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are the ancestors of mankind because dinosaurs were around before humans, but then went extinct.
It is not possible that dinosaurs are the ancestors of mankind because dinosaurs do not have similiar features to a human
It is not possible that the amusement park is a good place to sleep because amusement parks are not suitable for sleeping, because it is too loud
It is not possible that the amusement park is a good place to sleep because amusement parks are noisy
It is not possible that the amusement park is a good place to sleep because the amusement park  does not have beds or sleep instalations
It is not possible that trees absorb nutrients by eating because trees have no mouths and cannot eat
It is not possible that trees absorb nutrients by eating because trees don't have mouths
It is not possible that trees absorb nutrients by eating because trees absorb their nutrients through the ground.
It is not possible that i squeezed the tomatoes on the bread because tomato is a fruit, not a liquid
It is not possible that i squeezed the tomatoes on the bread because a tomato is squeezed to make ketchup
It is not possible that i squeezed the tomatoes on the bread because tomato would be sliced
It is not possible that the invention of airplanes disrupted people's lives because airplanes facilitate people's travel and life.
It is not possible that the invention of airplanes disrupted people's lives because airplanes have allowed to travel across the world.
It is not possible that the invention of airplanes disrupted people's lives because airplanes have helped people travel faster.
It is not possible that everyone should block ambulances because the law stipulates that everyone must give way to ambulances.
It is not possible that everyone should block ambulances because if you block an ambulance, it won't be able to get through
It is not possible that everyone should block ambulances because blocking ambulances will make the patient die.
It is not possible that honey is the juice secreted by the queen bee because the queen bee does not produce nectar.
It is not possible that honey is the juice secreted by the queen bee because the queen bee doesn't secret and unable to make honey
It is not possible that honey is the juice secreted by the queen bee because the queen bee doesn't secrete any juice.
It is not possible that diamond is made up of metal elements because diamond is an allotrope of carbon
It is not possible that diamond is made up of metal elements because a diamond is a beautiful polished piece of carbon.
It is not possible that diamond is made up of metal elements because diamonds are made of carbon which is not a metal.
It is not possible that vegetables can provide people with plenty of fat because there is no fat in vegetables.
It is not possible that vegetables can provide people with plenty of fat because vegetables do not have fats in them
It is not possible that vegetables can provide people with plenty of fat because vegetables do not contain fat.
It is not possible that the moon is always round because the moon waxes till it becomes full, and then wanes.
It is not possible that the moon is always round because when the moon is full, it's perfectly round.
It is not possible that the moon is always round because the moon changes it's shape everyday
It is not possible that the territory of every country can be violated because the territory of a country is an integral part of the country.
It is not possible that the territory of every country can be violated because it is impossible to violate the territory of any country,
It is not possible that the territory of every country can be violated because there would be war
It is not possible that the universe has only one planet, that is earth because our world is only a small part of the earth.
It is not possible that the universe has only one planet, that is earth because earth is one of the planets of the universe.
It is not possible that the universe has only one planet, that is earth because the universe is vast.
It is not possible that thieves steal people's arms because man's arms cannot be stolen
It is not possible that thieves steal people's arms because thieves need money for their life and they cannot use arms.
It is not possible that thieves steal people's arms because no thief steals a part of the body
It is not possible that music is a very bad sound because music can bring people happiness
It is not possible that music is a very bad sound because people like music and would not listen to it if it was bad.
It is not possible that music is a very bad sound because music usually sounds nice and makes people happy
It is not possible that a scarf is only a decorative article because the main function of a scarf is to protect us against the cold.
It is not possible that a scarf is only a decorative article because you wear a scarf to keep your neck warm.
It is not possible that a scarf is only a decorative article because scarf will help keep you warm
It is not possible that refrigerator accelerates food deterioration because low-temperature environment can prolong the shelf life of food
It is not possible that refrigerator accelerates food deterioration because the coldness in refrigerator prevents bacterias eating food
It is not possible that refrigerator accelerates food deterioration because food does not get deteriorated in the fridge due to the cold temperature.
It is not possible that man is the largest mammal in the world because whales are mammals and larger than men
It is not possible that man is the largest mammal in the world because there are lots of mammals bigger than man
It is not possible that man is the largest mammal in the world because men are mammals, but they are not the largest. whales are also mammals and much larger than men
It is not possible that rabbits are cold-blooded animals because rabbit is a lovely warm-blooded animal.
It is not possible that rabbits are cold-blooded animals because rabbits are mammals and so warm blooded.
It is not possible that rabbits are cold-blooded animals because rabbits are warm blooded animals.
It is not possible that minors can buy cigarettes because the law prohibits minors from buying cigarettes
It is not possible that minors can buy cigarettes because you have to be 21 years or older to buy cigarettes.
It is not possible that minors can buy cigarettes because since cigarette smoking is injurious to health, minors are not sold cigarettes
It is not possible that the gym is a good place to eat because the gym is a place to play sports rather than eating
It is not possible that the gym is a good place to eat because there are no eatables in a gym.
It is not possible that the gym is a good place to eat because you do not eat at the gym
It is not possible that i like watermelon very much because it's very unpleasant because people would hate unpleasant things rather than like them
It is not possible that i like watermelon very much because it's very unpleasant because no one likes unpleasant things
It is not possible that i like watermelon very much because it's very unpleasant because no one likes an unpleasant thing
It is not possible that he is a selfish man, so he is very popular because selfish people are disgusting.
It is not possible that he is a selfish man, so he is very popular because by any way the people can get popular
It is not possible that he is a selfish man, so he is very popular because if a man is selfish, he/she is hated by everyone
It is not possible that i squeeze oil on bread for breakfast because oil is not meant for breakfast.
It is not possible that i squeeze oil on bread for breakfast because oil does not suitable for bread
It is not possible that i squeeze oil on bread for breakfast because oils are placed in engines not in countries unless it is olive oil
It is not possible that the steam engine is the most important record in human history because the steam engine is not a record but an invention
It is not possible that the steam engine is the most important record in human history because there is no real way to determine the important record in human history.
It is not possible that the steam engine is the most important record in human history because steam engine is an old sort of engine and more things are more important in human history.
It is not possible that peter was five minutes late to catch the last bus because peter was too late to catch the last bus.
It is not possible that peter was five minutes late to catch the last bus because if you are late then you have missed the bus.
It is not possible that peter was five minutes late to catch the last bus because peter missed the bus because he was late.
It is not possible that the poor are very rich because the poor have no money.
It is not possible that the poor are very rich because poor is opposite to rich
It is not possible that the poor are very rich because the poor have no money, so they are poor
It is not possible that basketball is one of my favorite instruments because basketball is not an instrument
It is not possible that basketball is one of my favorite instruments because basketball is a sport.
It is not possible that basketball is one of my favorite instruments because basketball cannot play music.
It is not possible that we can go to the barbers for dinner because you should go to a restaurant for dinner.
It is not possible that we can go to the barbers for dinner because the barber does not serve food
It is not possible that we can go to the barbers for dinner because you go to the barbers to get your hair cut and not to eat.
It is not possible that he likes to explore the sea on foot because man cannot walk on the sea
It is not possible that he likes to explore the sea on foot because he likes to sail the sea and explore.
It is not possible that he likes to explore the sea on foot because the sea contains water or is not a solid and a person would go under water if he tried to walk on it.
It is not possible that sound can travel in a vacuum because sounds need a medium to transfer, but there is no such a medium in a vacuum
It is not possible that sound can travel in a vacuum because sound would be trapped in a vacuum.
It is not possible that sound can travel in a vacuum because sound cannot be travel without air.
It is not possible that the common people are the most powerful people in ancient times because the common people had no rights in ancient times.
It is not possible that the common people are the most powerful people in ancient times because coon people had no power in ancient  times
It is not possible that the common people are the most powerful people in ancient times because the common people were slaves in ancient times
It is not possible that mobile phones are a portable mean of transportation because mobile phones are not a means of transportation but for communication
It is not possible that mobile phones are a portable mean of transportation because mobile phones are mean of communication.
It is not possible that mobile phones are a portable mean of transportation because you are not able to ride or drive a mobile phone
It is not possible that crossing the road is very safe because crossing the road is unsafe.
It is not possible that crossing the road is very safe because vehicles will go faster and it causes accident
It is not possible that crossing the road is very safe because crossing a road has an inherent risk, such as a car being able to hit a person crossing it, and should not be considered "very safe."
It is not possible that everyone should have a quality of deception because deception is not a quality that people will praise
It is not possible that everyone should have a quality of deception because its their wish
It is not possible that everyone should have a quality of deception because deception is a poor quality to have
It is not possible that a hat is only an ornament because a hat can protect us from being hurt by the sunlight
It is not possible that a hat is only an ornament because an ornament is a decoration items.
It is not possible that a hat is only an ornament because because hat is used for protecting not as an ornament
It is not possible that the ear is the organ to see because the ear is actually an auditory organ.
It is not possible that the ear is the organ to see because ears are on the side of your head, this wouldn't be practical.
It is not possible that the ear is the organ to see because the ear is designed to hear.
It is not possible that friendship is an important food because friendship is not the name of a food
It is not possible that friendship is an important food because friendship cannot fill one's stomach.
It is not possible that friendship is an important food because friendship is not a food.
It is not possible that everyone's life habits are the same because different people have different habits.
It is not possible that everyone's life habits are the same because habits differ from people to people, place to place and culture to culture and hence cannot be the same
It is not possible that everyone's life habits are the same because everyone is an individual and has his own way of life
It is not possible that people need to wear short sleeves in winter to resist the cold because short sleeves are very thin and cannot withstand the cold.
It is not possible that people need to wear short sleeves in winter to resist the cold because people need to bundle up and wear lots of layers to stay warm during winter.
It is not possible that people need to wear short sleeves in winter to resist the cold because short sleeves do not protect from cold.
It is not possible that different styles of dressing will give people the same feeling because different styles of the dress look different.
It is not possible that different styles of dressing will give people the same feeling because what you wear reflects what your doing at the time.
It is not possible that different styles of dressing will give people the same feeling because styles of dress evoke different emotions in different people.
It is not possible that ships need to travel on land because ships cannot travel on land
It is not possible that ships need to travel on land because cars need to sail on the sea
It is not possible that ships need to travel on land because ships float on water
It is not possible that a lot of alcohol is good for your health because large amounts of alcohol can cause serious harm to the body.
It is not possible that a lot of alcohol is good for your health because because alcohol is bad for health
It is not possible that a lot of alcohol is good for your health because alcohol poses many health hazards.
It is not possible that drivers without a driver's license can drive on the road because only those who obtain their licenses through legal channels can drive on the road.
It is not possible that drivers without a driver's license can drive on the road because people who don't have licences can not drive
It is not possible that drivers without a driver's license can drive on the road because driving without license is an offence.
It is not possible that emergency lanes can be occupied on expressways because emergency lanes should not be occupied on expressways.
It is not possible that emergency lanes can be occupied on expressways because if you occupy an emergency lane, you may endanger life.
It is not possible that emergency lanes can be occupied on expressways because emergency lanes are for emergencies only, you cannot occupy them
It is not possible that there are many plants in the desert because the desert is very dry and there are very few plants.
It is not possible that there are many plants in the desert because due to lack of water,few plants grow in the desert.
It is not possible that there are many plants in the desert because plants need water to grow.
It is not possible that you should run when you feel tired because running can make people more tired.
It is not possible that you should run when you feel tired because running makes you more rired
It is not possible that you should run when you feel tired because run will make even more tired.
It is not possible that there are many dinosaurs in the school because dinosaurs have long disappeared from the earth
It is not possible that there are many dinosaurs in the school because dinosaurs are not found in schools
It is not possible that there are many dinosaurs in the school because dinosaurs are extinct creatures.
It is not possible that shoes should be on the hanger because clothes hangers are used to put clothes.
It is not possible that shoes should be on the hanger because we generally put cloths on the hanger
It is not possible that shoes should be on the hanger because shoes would not go on a hanger.
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries from trees because no tree can grow strawberries.
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries from trees because strawberries don't grow on trees
It is not possible that people can pick strawberries from trees because strawberries plants never become trees.
It is not possible that plastics are very hard because plastics are very vulnerable
It is not possible that plastics are very hard because plastic is not hard because its not metal.
It is not possible that plastics are very hard because plastic is a soft material.
It is not possible that pigs can survive in the ocean because pigs can't breathe in the ocean, so they can not survive in the ocean
It is not possible that pigs can survive in the ocean because pigs can't swim very well and would die in the ocean.
It is not possible that pigs can survive in the ocean because pigs live on land
It is not possible that clothes can be used to make rings because rings are made of diamonds bur not clothes
It is not possible that clothes can be used to make rings because clothes and rings are unrelated in production.
It is not possible that clothes can be used to make rings because rings are not made out of clothes.
It is not possible that people beings do not need to eat to get energy because eating is an important way for human beings to get energy.
It is not possible that people beings do not need to eat to get energy because you eat to live
It is not possible that people beings do not need to eat to get energy because people can get energy by eating food only
It is not possible that tigers live in the ocean because the sea is not suitable for tigers.
It is not possible that tigers live in the ocean because tigers live on land
It is not possible that tigers live in the ocean because tigers don't like water.
It is not possible that i need to take a bath to alleviate hunger because bathing does not increase energy for the body
It is not possible that i need to take a bath to alleviate hunger because there is no food in a bath
It is not possible that i need to take a bath to alleviate hunger because i need to eat a snack to alleviate the hunger.
It is not possible that buses need water to run because buses cannot run with water
It is not possible that buses need water to run because buses run on gasoline.
It is not possible that buses need water to run because you cant light water on fire
It is not possible that makeup can make girls uglier because make-up will make girls more delicate
It is not possible that makeup can make girls uglier because makeup enhances the beauty of girls.
It is not possible that makeup can make girls uglier because makeup is used to enhance beauty
It is not possible that cars can travel in the sky because a car can't run in the sky.
It is not possible that cars can travel in the sky because cars cannot fly.
It is not possible that cars can travel in the sky because cars drive on the road.
It is not possible that the rabbit is very ferocious because rabbits are not fierce.
It is not possible that the rabbit is very ferocious because rabbits are timid.
It is not possible that the rabbit is very ferocious because rabbits are timid animals
It is not possible that many people like to drink gasoline because gasoline cannot be used for drinking
It is not possible that many people like to drink gasoline because if you drank gasoline you would die.
It is not possible that many people like to drink gasoline because drinking gasoline is bad for your health
It is not possible that piranha is a very gentle fish because piranha can even eat people, so they are ferocious
It is not possible that piranha is a very gentle fish because piranhas have powerful jaws and teeth and hence cannot be gentle.
It is not possible that piranha is a very gentle fish because piranhas are very dangerous and scary fish.
It is not possible that salt is the most common animal in life because salt is not an animal's name but a condiment
It is not possible that salt is the most common animal in life because salt is a mineral, therefore not a living thing.
It is not possible that salt is the most common animal in life because salt is a non-living thing.
It is not possible that cups can be used for eating because the cup is not edible.
It is not possible that cups can be used for eating because eating is self done.hence cups cannot be used
It is not possible that cups can be used for eating because the cups are inedible
It is not possible that the ocean is fit for human existence because man cannot live in the ocean
It is not possible that the ocean is fit for human existence because the ocean consist of water bodies
It is not possible that the ocean is fit for human existence because humans can not breathe underwater.
It is not possible that old skin becomes very smooth because the older a man is, the rougher his skin is.
It is not possible that old skin becomes very smooth because old skin gets wrinkles
It is not possible that old skin becomes very smooth because old skins do not get much blood supply and hence become rough.
It is not possible that drinking too much beer will give you an appetite because drinking too much beer only makes people vomit.
It is not possible that drinking too much beer will give you an appetite because beer is a very filling beverage which can suppress a person's appetite.
It is not possible that drinking too much beer will give you an appetite because drinking will make you full and you will loose your appetite
It is not possible that driving through the sidewalk should be accelerated because no acceleration through the sidewalk
It is not possible that driving through the sidewalk should be accelerated because pedestrians use the sidewalks to keep from walking in the streets.
It is not possible that driving through the sidewalk should be accelerated because driving close to a sidewalk should be cautionary.
It is not possible that there are many deserts in the arctic because the arctic is full of ice but not sand.
It is not possible that there are many deserts in the arctic because the artist is a desert
It is not possible that there are many deserts in the arctic because there is a lot of snow and ice in the arctic.
It is not possible that when you feel cold, you should cut down on clothes because fewer clothes will make it colder
It is not possible that when you feel cold, you should cut down on clothes because putting on more clothes will protect one from cold.
It is not possible that when you feel cold, you should cut down on clothes because when your feet are cold, put on warm socks.
It is not possible that there are many animals in the entertainment circle because animals do not belong to entertainment circles
It is not possible that there are many animals in the entertainment circle because while animals do play parts in the entertainment industry, they do not have their own clique in which they gather.
It is not possible that there are many animals in the entertainment circle because animals are not present in entertainment circle.
It is not possible that wool comes from shearers because shearers do not produce wool
It is not possible that wool comes from shearers because sheep are sheered to get the wool
It is not possible that wool comes from shearers because shearers are people, they have skin.
It is not possible that this dress is very cheap, so i can't afford it because clothes are inexpensive, so i should be able to afford it.
It is not possible that this dress is very cheap, so i can't afford it because if something is cheap you can afford it
It is not possible that this dress is very cheap, so i can't afford it because anybody can buy a dress if it is cheap.
It is not possible that lemon tastes very sweet because lemon is an acid fruit.
It is not possible that lemon tastes very sweet because lemon tastes very sour.
It is not possible that lemon tastes very sweet because lemon taste citrus are both sweet and sour due to the combination of sugar and citric acid in them.
It is not possible that the color of the sea is red because because of the reflection of the light, the sea is blue but not red
It is not possible that the color of the sea is red because sea water is blue.
It is not possible that the color of the sea is red because there are no natural bodies of water that are the color red.
It is not possible that heater can provide a low-temperature environment because heater can only provide heat but not low-temperature
It is not possible that heater can provide a low-temperature environment because it low the cold temperature and make it hot
It is not possible that heater can provide a low-temperature environment because a heater warms thing up
It is not possible that we can go swimming in the classroom because there is no swimming pool in the classroom, so people can not learn swim
It is not possible that we can go swimming in the classroom because you can not swim in classroom.
It is not possible that we can go swimming in the classroom because classrooms are for studying.
It is not possible that many people like to make phone calls with bricks because bricks can't be used to make phone calls
It is not possible that many people like to make phone calls with bricks because bricks are not phones to make phone calls
It is not possible that many people like to make phone calls with bricks because bricks are only for building houses.
It is not possible that she likes to travel by mobile phone because mobile phones can only be used for communication
It is not possible that she likes to travel by mobile phone because she likes to talk on her mobile phone.
It is not possible that she likes to travel by mobile phone because mobile phones are not a form of transport and are very small.
It is not possible that you can shift the sun and let the sunshine in because the sun cannot be transferred by people
It is not possible that you can shift the sun and let the sunshine in because sun is too hot, big and far away to be shift by any common man.
It is not possible that you can shift the sun and let the sunshine in because there is no single force able to shift the sun
It is not possible that you should go to the cook when you are ill because cook's job is cooking but not treat illness
It is not possible that you should go to the cook when you are ill because a cook specializes in culinary arts.
It is not possible that you should go to the cook when you are ill because cooking does not help while your ill , going to doctor will
It is not possible that there are many little white rabbits floating in the sky because little white rabbit looks like clouds but can't float in the sky
It is not possible that there are many little white rabbits floating in the sky because there are lots of rabbits hopping around the field.
It is not possible that there are many little white rabbits floating in the sky because rabbits cannot even fly and hence they cannot float in the sky.
It is not possible that we can eat food from books because there is no food in the book.
It is not possible that we can eat food from books because there is no food in a book
It is not possible that we can eat food from books because we can learn anything from books.
It is not possible that gasoline can be used to put out fires because gasoline will make the fire burn harder
It is not possible that gasoline can be used to put out fires because gasoline would make a fire burn more
It is not possible that gasoline can be used to put out fires because gasoline is flammable
It is not possible that internet cafe is a good place to learn because the environment of internet cafes is very noisy and unsuitable for learning.
It is not possible that internet cafe is a good place to learn because it's not an educational establishment
It is not possible that internet cafe is a good place to learn because people do not visit the internet cafe for the purpose of learning.
It is not possible that the fresh cake tastes terrible because the fresh cake is sweet and delicious.
It is not possible that the fresh cake tastes terrible because people like fresh cakes.
It is not possible that the fresh cake tastes terrible because fresh cake always tastes good.
It is not possible that elephants are one of the most important human inventions because elephants are not an invention but an animal
It is not possible that elephants are one of the most important human inventions because elephants are the animals which cannot be invented
It is not possible that elephants are one of the most important human inventions because elephants are wild animals, not invented machines.
It is not possible that people can have fun in the company because people should work in the company.
It is not possible that people can have fun in the company because company is for working not for making fun.
It is not possible that people can have fun in the company because company is a place of business; therefore work
It is not possible that dinosaurs still exist today because dinosaurs died out long ago.
It is not possible that dinosaurs still exist today because dinosaurs are extinct
It is not possible that dinosaurs still exist today because dinosaurs only exist today documented in books and their bones in museums.
It is not possible that i have five legs because humans have two legs.
It is not possible that i have five legs because unless a person sustains an injury causing amputation, people only have one pair of legs.
It is not possible that i have five legs because no one have five legs.
It is not possible that i can heat food in the washing machine because a washing machine is an electrical appliance for washing clothes.
It is not possible that i can heat food in the washing machine because washing machine is not made for producing heat.
It is not possible that i can heat food in the washing machine because food would get wet in the washing machine.
It is not possible that maple leaves are green in the autumn because maple leaves change from green to red in autumn.
It is not possible that maple leaves are green in the autumn because the colour of maple leaves turns red in autumn
It is not possible that maple leaves are green in the autumn because maple leaves lack photosynthesis in autumn.
It is not possible that the duty of a soldier is to teach and educate because it is the teachers' duty is to teach and educate.
It is not possible that the duty of a soldier is to teach and educate because the duty of a teacher is to teach and educate.
It is not possible that the duty of a soldier is to teach and educate because the duty of a soldier is to guard the country.
It is not possible that people can go into space by plane because there is no air in space so the plane can't fly there.
It is not possible that people can go into space by plane because a plane is not designed to go to space.
It is not possible that people can go into space by plane because a plane is only designed to go to a certain altitude to travel within the earths atmosphere.
It is not possible that i wear sandals in winter because winter is too cold to wear sandals.
It is not possible that i wear sandals in winter because wearing sandals in winter can get you with a very cold foot
It is not possible that i wear sandals in winter because close toed shoes are worn during the winter.
It is not possible that man walks on ten legs because a man has only two legs.
It is not possible that man walks on ten legs because man  has only two legs.
It is not possible that man walks on ten legs because man needs 2 legs to walk
It is not possible that i called a fireman after she fainted because a fireman is not helpful when someone faints
It is not possible that i called a fireman after she fainted because fireman put out fires
It is not possible that i called a fireman after she fainted because a fireman's main objective is to put out fires.
It is not possible that penguins live in the air because penguins can't fly.
It is not possible that penguins live in the air because penguins can't fly
It is not possible that penguins live in the air because penguins live on land and swim in the ocean.
It is not possible that all girls like handsome guys because there are a lot of girls who don't care about looks.
It is not possible that all girls like handsome guys because in this day in age, there are many people who are attracted to people who are the same gender.
It is not possible that all girls like handsome guys because everyone's preferences are different
It is not possible that i look shorter in high heels because wearing high heels will increase height.
It is not possible that i look shorter in high heels because high heels increases one's height.
It is not possible that i look shorter in high heels because high heels make me look taller.
It is not possible that flies bite people because files have no mouthparts to bite.
It is not possible that flies bite people because flies don't normally bite.
It is not possible that flies bite people because no one has experienced yet the bite of a fly.
It is not possible that students can cheat on exams because cheating in the exam is forbidden in the course of the exam.
It is not possible that students can cheat on exams because students can have eat in the exam
It is not possible that students can cheat on exams because cheating would make exams pointless.
It is not possible that people can drive on the road without a license because driving without a license is against the law.
It is not possible that people can drive on the road without a license because people driving without are license are dangerous, as they are not qualified.
It is not possible that people can drive on the road without a license because you require a licence to drive
It is not possible that those who work hard are sure to succeed because people who work hard just have a high chance of success.
It is not possible that those who work hard are sure to succeed because hard work isn't always rewarded
It is not possible that those who work hard are sure to succeed because there are other factors besides hard work that contribute to success.
It is not possible that all people use the right hands to write because some people use left hands to write.
It is not possible that all people use the right hands to write because people vary with which hand is their dominant writing hand.
It is not possible that all people use the right hands to write because some people use the left hands to write
It is not possible that music can make people nervous because generally speaking, music is relaxing rather than stressful.
It is not possible that music can make people nervous because music calms people making them relax
It is not possible that music can make people nervous because music is like therapy it can feel on relaxed
It is not possible that the sun falls in the east because the sun falls in the west.
It is not possible that the sun falls in the east because the only place the sun will ever set is in the west.
It is not possible that the sun falls in the east because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
It is not possible that we can see animals in the botanical garden because there is no animal in the botanical garden.
It is not possible that we can see animals in the botanical garden because botanical garden is not for animals
It is not possible that we can see animals in the botanical garden because botanical garden consists only of flowers and plants.
It is not possible that you can lose weight by eating junk food because junk food can make you gain weight rather than lose weight.
It is not possible that you can lose weight by eating junk food because because of eating junk food only we can do excersise to loss weight
It is not possible that you can lose weight by eating junk food because eating junk food increases the weight
It is not possible that i can play computer games in the cinema because cinemas are only for watching movies.
It is not possible that i can play computer games in the cinema because there are no computers in the cinema.
It is not possible that i can play computer games in the cinema because a cinema is for showing movies, you can play computer games in the arcade
It is not possible that humans can fly because humans don't have wings.
It is not possible that humans can fly because humans are creatures of land, they can walk and swim.
It is not possible that humans can fly because humans cannot fly.
It is not possible that the more you play, the better your grades will be because playing is not good for you to improve grades.
It is not possible that the more you play, the better your grades will be because one cannot get good grades after playing too much.
It is not possible that the more you play, the better your grades will be because if you don't put in the work the poorer your grades will be.
It is not possible that the mirage can only appear in the desert because mirages sometimes appear over the sea.
It is not possible that the mirage can only appear in the desert because only in desseet we can see at all time
It is not possible that the mirage can only appear in the desert because a mirage is often seen in a desert.
It is not possible that playing computer games for a long time is good for health because playing computer games for a long time will make your eyesight worse.
It is not possible that playing computer games for a long time is good for health because it is thought that playing computer games for a long time can damage health.
It is not possible that playing computer games for a long time is good for health because playing computer games for long time damages the brain.
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish breathe in the water and they will die without water.
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish are not air breathers
It is not possible that fish can live without water because fish don't have lungs.
It is not possible that i'm hearing the book because book is not sound and can't be heard.
It is not possible that i'm hearing the book because i'm reading a book.
It is not possible that i'm hearing the book because books cannot speak outloud.
It is not possible that eating breakfast is bad for health because eating breakfast helps us keep healthy.
It is not possible that eating breakfast is bad for health because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
It is not possible that eating breakfast is bad for health because breakfast starts kick the metabolism and it gives energy throughout the day and it is essential to eat.
It is not possible that junk food is good for our body because junk food will make the body fat and cause diseases.
It is not possible that junk food is good for our body because junk food makes you fat
It is not possible that junk food is good for our body because junk food is unhealthy
It is not possible that writing papers is a great way to relax because writing papers is usually a stressful thing.
It is not possible that writing papers is a great way to relax because sleeping is a great way to relax.
It is not possible that writing papers is a great way to relax because writing papers is a common, yet challenging homework assignment.
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because men don't have the organs to give birth.
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because women give birth to children.
It is not possible that men can give birth to children because no male human in this world can give birth to children.
It is not possible that the electric light is a great discovery because the electric light is a new thing that is invented by human.
It is not possible that the electric light is a great discovery because new concepts and theories are classified as discoveries, whereas something like the electric light is an object that was created as a result.
It is not possible that the electric light is a great discovery because someone created electricity or invented it
It is not possible that frogs cannot live on land because frogs are amphibians that can live on land and water.
It is not possible that frogs cannot live on land because the frog habitats are in the water, only on land would they not survive
It is not possible that frogs cannot live on land because frogs live in a variety of environments from mountains and forests to ponds and lakes.
It is not possible that the coffee tastes too weak for her so she asks for some milk because adding milk to coffee cannot make it stronger
It is not possible that the coffee tastes too weak for her so she asks for some milk because milk is used to sweeten the taste of strong coffee.
It is not possible that the coffee tastes too weak for her so she asks for some milk because coffee taste better
It is not possible that we can't take an umbrella on a sunny day because we can protect our umbrellas against ultraviolet rays on sunny days.
It is not possible that we can't take an umbrella on a sunny day because umbrellas can protect us from scorching sun.
It is not possible that we can't take an umbrella on a sunny day because you take an umbrella incase it rains or to shield you from the sun.
It is not possible that i can fly to school because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that i can fly to school because people can't fly
It is not possible that i can fly to school because it would not be practical to fly to school.
It is not possible that fishermen can catch sharks in the river because sharks live in the sea instead of rivers.
It is not possible that fishermen can catch sharks in the river because fishermen catch fish in the river.
It is not possible that fishermen can catch sharks in the river because fishermen can't catch sharks in the river because river water is flowing water but sea water not like that
It is not possible that potatoes grow on trees because potatoes grow in the field.
It is not possible that potatoes grow on trees because potatoes grow under the soil
It is not possible that potatoes grow on trees because potatoes grow underground
It is not possible that mobile phones cannot be used to take a video because mobile phones have a camera that can take a video.
It is not possible that mobile phones cannot be used to take a video because mobile phones can record and create videos.
It is not possible that mobile phones cannot be used to take a video because mobile phones have a built in camera.
It is not possible that men can't stay long hair because men have the freedom to stay long hair.
It is not possible that men can't stay long hair because most men feel long hair is for women.
It is not possible that men can't stay long hair because men usually have shorter hair.
It is not possible that tim always goes to the same gym for breakfast because gym does not offer breakfast
It is not possible that tim always goes to the same gym for breakfast because a gym is used to workout your body  and doesn't provide food
It is not possible that tim always goes to the same gym for breakfast because tim's routine includes going to the gym and then eating breakfast.
It is not possible that having a special skill is not important for new graduates because a special skill can help you stand out from other interviewees.
It is not possible that having a special skill is not important for new graduates because new graduates must compete for jobs and they need speical talents to make them stand out.
It is not possible that having a special skill is not important for new graduates because new graduates are excited to start using their newly learned skills.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't need to be recharged because if the mobile phone is not charged in time, there will be no energy to continue running.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't need to be recharged because mobile phones use batteries that need to be recharged.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't need to be recharged because mobile phones have batteries that go flat
It is not possible that people don't need to categorize everything out after you use it because categorize things so that you can find them quickly next time you use them.
It is not possible that people don't need to categorize everything out after you use it because things need to be categorized after they are used
It is not possible that people don't need to categorize everything out after you use it because keeping order makes life easier.
It is not possible that young workers are not usually neglected in the workplace because young workers usually lack work experience and decisiveness.
It is not possible that young workers are not usually neglected in the workplace because young workers in the workplace are out of sight out of mind.
It is not possible that young workers are not usually neglected in the workplace because young workers don't know their rights and can be neglected in the workplace
It is not possible that people are not anxious when they go to strange surroundings because people may be unable to adapt to the strange surroundings.
It is not possible that people are not anxious when they go to strange surroundings because people do not feel comfortable in strange surroundings.
It is not possible that people are not anxious when they go to strange surroundings because people are concerned when they go to strange surroundings
It is not possible that when it rains, you shouldn't take an umbrella because if you don't take an umbrella, you'll get wet and catch a cold.
It is not possible that when it rains, you shouldn't take an umbrella because an brella keeps you dry
It is not possible that when it rains, you shouldn't take an umbrella because umbrella can protect anyone from rain and people should take it.
It is not possible that excessive obesity is good for your health because excessive obese people are at risk for type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, and heart disease.
It is not possible that excessive obesity is good for your health because obesity kills people
It is not possible that excessive obesity is good for your health because obesity is the disorder which is due to excess calories.hence it is not good for health
It is not possible that excessive thin is good for your health because excessive thin will be prone to osteoporosis and fracture.
It is not possible that excessive thin is good for your health because being to slim can kill you
It is not possible that excessive thin is good for your health because being to thin damages your health just as being to fat.
It is not possible that if you don't understand, you should not ask questions because asking questions others can help you understand the problem from another angle.
It is not possible that if you don't understand, you should not ask questions because asking questions is how you understand
It is not possible that if you don't understand, you should not ask questions because you need to ask question to have what you don't understand explained.
It is not possible that people's thoughts shouldn't be updated from time to time because those whose thoughts are not be updated from time to time will eventually be eliminated by the times and fail to achieve great things.
It is not possible that people's thoughts shouldn't be updated from time to time because change is an important part of everyone's life.
It is not possible that people's thoughts shouldn't be updated from time to time because as we gain more knowledge are views change.
It is not possible that playing chess is bad for people because playing chess can train people's thinking and coping abilities.
It is not possible that playing chess is bad for people because playing chess will sharpen the brain and is not bad
It is not possible that playing chess is bad for people because playing chess is challenging.
It is not possible that managers usually have no strong abilities because managers have many opportunities to exercise their ability to handle things.
It is not possible that managers usually have no strong abilities because manager are paid more than works and must have special skills.
It is not possible that managers usually have no strong abilities because able managers need to posses multiple skills.
It is not possible that family environment is not important for children because good family environment can make children more confident and talkative in interpersonal communication.
It is not possible that family environment is not important for children because children thrive with happy home environments.
It is not possible that family environment is not important for children because a healthy family environment is absolutely crucial for the nurtured development of children.
It is not possible that peeling doesn't need to be done before eating fruit because there are many harmful chemical residues on the skin of the fruit.
It is not possible that peeling doesn't need to be done before eating fruit because peeling should be done before drinks.
It is not possible that peeling doesn't need to be done before eating fruit because one should peel the fruits before eating
It is not possible that lions like to eat grass because lions are carnivores and do not eat grass.
It is not possible that lions like to eat grass because lions are carnivores.
It is not possible that lions like to eat grass because lions are non-veg animals.
It is not possible that english teachers are good at teaching arithmetic because english teachers are good at teaching english.
It is not possible that english teachers are good at teaching arithmetic because english teachers are good at teaching language.
It is not possible that english teachers are good at teaching arithmetic because english teachers are mainly good at teaching english
It is not possible that man can fly by wings because man cannot fly because he has no wings.
It is not possible that man can fly by wings because man does not have wings.
It is not possible that man can fly by wings because man cannot grow wings and cannot fly without the help of technology such as helicopter or airplane.
It is not possible that he wants to go to the supermarket to buy a pet because supermarkets don't sell pets.
It is not possible that he wants to go to the supermarket to buy a pet because supermarkets do not sell pets.
It is not possible that he wants to go to the supermarket to buy a pet because pets are not sold in supermarkets.
It is not possible that i work 30 hours a day because there are only 24 hours in a day.
It is not possible that i work 30 hours a day because a day consist of 24 hours only.
It is not possible that i work 30 hours a day because 30 hours is more than a day and no one can work more than 15 hours continuously.
It is not possible that rabbits can imitate human speech because rabbits have no ability to imitate human speech.
It is not possible that rabbits can imitate human speech because rabbits can't talk
It is not possible that rabbits can imitate human speech because parrots can mimic what people say.
It is not possible that people can learn to drive in primary schools because normal schools don't teach people to drive.
It is not possible that people can learn to drive in primary schools because no one can teach driving in primary school.
It is not possible that people can learn to drive in primary schools because people are to young to learn to drive in primary school
It is not possible that man can be reborn because there is only one life.
It is not possible that man can be reborn because no one can reborn in this world.
It is not possible that man can be reborn because rebirth of men is a superstition.
It is not possible that we turn on the air conditioner to cool off in winter because it's cold in winter so you don't need to turn on the air conditioner to cool off.
It is not possible that we turn on the air conditioner to cool off in winter because the winter is already cold, so air conditioning is unnecessary.
It is not possible that we turn on the air conditioner to cool off in winter because in the winter we need to heat up not cool off
It is not possible that dogs are ferocious animals because cats are gentle animals generally.
It is not possible that dogs are ferocious animals because dog is a pet animal. so it cannot be ferocious
It is not possible that dogs are ferocious animals because dogs are very friendly and loving creatures
It is not possible that i can watch the moon rise in the early morning because in the early morning, the sun rises and the moon falls
It is not possible that i can watch the moon rise in the early morning because the moon rises at night so you can't watch it rise in the morning.
It is not possible that i can watch the moon rise in the early morning because the sun rises in the morning, the moon comes out at night.
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because a car has four wheels.
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because a car has 4 wheels
It is not possible that a car has two wheels because it would not be a car if it only had 2 wheels.
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because people look at things with their eyes.
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because mouth is for eating not eyes
It is not possible that people eat with their eyes because people eat with their mouths, and see with their eyes.
It is not possible that children like to take medicine because children usually don't like taking medicine.
It is not possible that children like to take medicine because medicine doesn't usually taste good to children.
It is not possible that children like to take medicine because child like to eat sugar thats why medicines are always sugar coated
It is not possible that the patients live in an amusement park because an amusement park is a place for people to play.
It is not possible that the patients live in an amusement park because amusement park is not a hospital
It is not possible that the patients live in an amusement park because patients do not go to amusement parks.
It is not possible that automobile is an environmentally friendly means of transportation because automobile exhaust will cause environmental pollution.
It is not possible that automobile is an environmentally friendly means of transportation because automobiles cause a great deal of pollution.
It is not possible that automobile is an environmentally friendly means of transportation because automobile creates smoke
It is not possible that people are comfortable when they are ill because being ill is an unpleasant experience and no one will feel comfortable when ill.
It is not possible that people are comfortable when they are ill because when people fall ill,they become restless.
It is not possible that people are comfortable when they are ill because being ill or sick is accompanied by many bad and uncomfortable feelings, such as runny nose, coughing, vomiting.
It is not possible that students can cheat in exams because cheating in examinations is a violation of examination discipline.
It is not possible that students can cheat in exams because cheating on exams is morally wrong.
It is not possible that students can cheat in exams because if students cheat in exams they will be caught and it will affect their future very badly.
It is not possible that the table can bring us light because the table doesn't shine.
It is not possible that the table can bring us light because a table cannot produce light, but the sun can.
It is not possible that the table can bring us light because the table has no power to give light.
It is not possible that he eats breakfast in the evening because evening is dinner time.
It is not possible that he eats breakfast in the evening because the evening food is called tiffin or snacks and not breakfast.
It is not possible that he eats breakfast in the evening because breakfast kick-starts your metabolism, helping you burn calories throughout the day and want to eat in the morning.
It is not possible that i saw clouds floating in the sea because clouds do not appear in the sea, but in the sky.
It is not possible that i saw clouds floating in the sea because clouds always appear in the sky.
It is not possible that i saw clouds floating in the sea because reflection of the sky may view in the sea
It is not possible that we need to wear cotton jackets in summer because it's very hot in the summer, so there's no need to wear a cotton jacket.
It is not possible that we need to wear cotton jackets in summer because summer weather is normally very hot and humid.
It is not possible that we need to wear cotton jackets in summer because cotton jackets make warm to our body
It is not possible that the air people breathe in is carbon dioxide because people breathe out carbon dioxide.
It is not possible that the air people breathe in is carbon dioxide because people exhale carbon dioxide
It is not possible that the air people breathe in is carbon dioxide because carbon dioxide is what people spit out
It is not possible that people need to sit and walk because people can't walk while sitting.
It is not possible that people need to sit and walk because people cannot walk when they sit.
It is not possible that people need to sit and walk because people need to watch in front of them as they walk.
It is not possible that i wear my clothes on my feet because clothes should be worn on the body.
It is not possible that i wear my clothes on my feet because feet is a place where we cannot wear clothes.
It is not possible that i wear my clothes on my feet because clothing is worn on the body not the feet.
It is not possible that i keep the food in the microwave oven because microwave ovens are electrical appliances for heating food.
It is not possible that i keep the food in the microwave oven because microwaves cook food
It is not possible that i keep the food in the microwave oven because microwave oven heats up the food.
It is not possible that eating too much for supper is good for health because eating too much supper can cause a burden on the stomach.
It is not possible that eating too much for supper is good for health because eating too much for dinner can give you a stomach ache and lead to health problems.
It is not possible that eating too much for supper is good for health because eating too much supper leads to obesity.
It is not possible that man and monkey can communicate through language because monkeys can't understand human language and talk.
It is not possible that man and monkey can communicate through language because monkeys cannot understand the human language like we can.
It is not possible that man and monkey can communicate through language because man and monkey has different language.
It is not possible that mobile phones can be used when they are out of power because mobile phones won't work when they are out of power.
It is not possible that mobile phones can be used when they are out of power because mobile phones can be used when they are out of station.
It is not possible that mobile phones can be used when they are out of power because without power, mobile phones are completely nonoperational.
It is not possible that butterflies can make honey because butterflies have no ability to make honey.
It is not possible that butterflies can make honey because butterflies don't have organs that can make honey
It is not possible that butterflies can make honey because butterflies don't make honey
It is not possible that there are dragons in real life because dragon is a virtual image.
It is not possible that there are dragons in real life because there aren't any reports than anyone have seen dragons in reality
It is not possible that there are dragons in real life because dragons are imaginative animals.
It is not possible that i can see bacteria with the naked eyes because bacteria are very small and hard to see by eyes alone.
It is not possible that i can see bacteria with the naked eyes because bacteria is miniscule and can't be seem by the naked eye.
It is not possible that i can see bacteria with the naked eyes because you can see bacteria through a microscope.
It is not possible that i can see myself on the wall because the walls do not reflect light.
It is not possible that i can see myself on the wall because wall is incapable of reflecting.
It is not possible that i can see myself on the wall because a wall doesn't reflect
It is not possible that it's hot to have long hair in the winter because it's cold in winter so long hair won't get hot.
It is not possible that it's hot to have long hair in the winter because long hair in winter will keep you warmer
It is not possible that it's hot to have long hair in the winter because it's cool to have long hair in winter
It is not possible that he lit his cigarette with wood because wood cannot light the cigarette.
It is not possible that he lit his cigarette with wood because wood is not naturally hot enough to be able to light a cigarette on fire.
It is not possible that he lit his cigarette with wood because a wood is not used as to produce fire
It is not possible that cancer is easy to cure because cancer is a very difficult disease to cure.
It is not possible that cancer is easy to cure because the cure to cancer is compliceted process
It is not possible that cancer is easy to cure because cancer is a very serious disease that's difficult to cure.
It is not possible that waste batteries are good for the environment because waste batteries can cause environmental pollution.
It is not possible that waste batteries are good for the environment because waste batteries are damaging to the environment.
It is not possible that waste batteries are good for the environment because waste batteries must be diposed or recycled as it harms the environment
It is not possible that people build houses in the air because the air is not enough to support a house.
It is not possible that people build houses in the air because a house needs to be formed on a sturdy and solid foundation.
It is not possible that people build houses in the air because houses are built on the ground so people can enter and exit them easily
It is not possible that all cars burn oil because electric cars are powered by electricity, not oil.
It is not possible that all cars burn oil because most cars operate on gasoline.
It is not possible that all cars burn oil because not all cars burn in oil.many cars burn in gasoline also
It is not possible that we feed turtles with dog food because turtles don't eat dog food.
It is not possible that we feed turtles with dog food because dog food is for dogs
It is not possible that we feed turtles with dog food because dog food is for dogs not for turtles
It is not possible that the woman applies facial cream on her mouth because facial cream is usually applied to the face.
It is not possible that the woman applies facial cream on her mouth because face cream isn't for the mouth
It is not possible that the woman applies facial cream on her mouth because facial cream is applied on face
It is not possible that three-year-old children can drink wine because alcohol in the wine is a dangerous substance for three-year-olds.
It is not possible that three-year-old children can drink wine because three year old children are below the legal age to drink alcohol and wine contains alcohol.
It is not possible that three-year-old children can drink wine because wine is not advisable for three year old kids.
It is not possible that people enjoy the cool under the street lamp because there is no shade under the street lamp.
It is not possible that people enjoy the cool under the street lamp because a lamp doesn't cast a shadow
It is not possible that people enjoy the cool under the street lamp because because street lamps provide light but do not provide shade to make the temperature cool.
It is not possible that players play football with their hands because people play football with their feet
It is not possible that players play football with their hands because football is played with legs.
It is not possible that players play football with their hands because as the name says foot and ball, not hands and ball
It is not possible that people can take the subway in the air because subways are built underground.
It is not possible that people can take the subway in the air because subways are always underground not in the air.
It is not possible that people can take the subway in the air because subways are not built in the air.
It is not possible that no internet makes people's life more convenient because no internet makes people's lives very troublesome.
It is not possible that no internet makes people's life more convenient because internet helps people do a lot of things
It is not possible that no internet makes people's life more convenient because the internet has meant we now have 24/7 access.
It is not possible that man can live without air because man will perish without air.
It is not possible that man can live without air because without oxygen that air provides, one would die.
It is not possible that man can live without air because no one can live without air
It is not possible that cutting down more trees is beneficial to wind protection and sand fixation because cutting down more trees will accelerate desertification.
It is not possible that cutting down more trees is beneficial to wind protection and sand fixation because to protect and maintain the wind and the level of oxigen we must plant more and more trees
It is not possible that cutting down more trees is beneficial to wind protection and sand fixation because trees provide shelter form wind and roots fix soil il
It is not possible that bananas are sour because bananas are usually sweet.
It is not possible that bananas are sour because banana are sweet
It is not possible that bananas are sour because bananas are sweet.
It is not possible that people go to the park to buy vegetables because the park is not a place to sell vegetables.
It is not possible that people go to the park to buy vegetables because there is no shop at parks.
It is not possible that people go to the park to buy vegetables because vegetables are not for sale in a park.
It is not possible that the leaves are yellow in summer because leaves turn yellow in autumn.
It is not possible that the leaves are yellow in summer because the leaves are brown in summer.
It is not possible that the leaves are yellow in summer because the leaves are yellow in the autumn.
It is not possible that the fruit ripens in spring because spring is the season for sowing, not ripening.
It is not possible that the fruit ripens in spring because the fruits starts growing in spring
It is not possible that the fruit ripens in spring because fruit only ripens in the autumn
It is not possible that people can see things clearly in the distance with their naked eyes because it's difficult to see things clearly in the distance by naked eyes alone.
It is not possible that people can see things clearly in the distance with their naked eyes because a naked eye can see things only upto certain distance.
It is not possible that people can see things clearly in the distance with their naked eyes because people use telescopes to see things too far away for our naked eye to see.
It is not possible that children like to eat paper because paper cannot be eaten.
It is not possible that children like to eat paper because children should not eat paper its not a food.
It is not possible that children like to eat paper because paper is not an edible thing.
It is not possible that books can quench thirst because books cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that books can quench thirst because books are not used to quenching the thirst.
It is not possible that books can quench thirst because books are made of paper and paper does not quench thirst.
It is not possible that fish can leave the water because fish die when they leave the water.
It is not possible that fish can leave the water because fish breathe through gills instead of lungs.
It is not possible that fish can leave the water because water is most important for fish's life.
It is not possible that the tortoise runs very fast because the tortoise moves very slowly.
It is not possible that the tortoise runs very fast because a tortoise is very slow.
It is not possible that the tortoise runs very fast because tortoises are among some of the slowest moving animals in the world.
It is not possible that students cook at school because school is a place for students to study, not cook.
It is not possible that students cook at school because cooking is not allowed in school.
It is not possible that students cook at school because school is for studying not for cooking
It is not possible that the sun rises at night because the sun sets at night.
It is not possible that the sun rises at night because the sun is not visible at night
It is not possible that the sun rises at night because the sub always rises in the morning.
It is not possible that the ice will freeze when the sun shines on it because the temperature will rise when the sun shines and the ice will melt when the temperature rises.
It is not possible that the ice will freeze when the sun shines on it because the ice is already in freezing state and sun rays makes it hotter
It is not possible that the ice will freeze when the sun shines on it because its the nature of ice
It is not possible that i can pick apples from the pear tree because there are no apples on the pear tree.
It is not possible that i can pick apples from the pear tree because pears grow on pear trees.
It is not possible that i can pick apples from the pear tree because apples don't grow on pear trees
It is not possible that ice is hot because ice is cold.
It is not possible that ice is hot because ice is always cold
It is not possible that ice is hot because ice is cool not hot
It is not possible that you can talk freely in class because speaking freely in class violates classroom discipline.
It is not possible that you can talk freely in class because discipline has to be followed in class, so there has to be less talking.
It is not possible that you can talk freely in class because if anyone talks freely in class he will face punishment and will be sent out of the class.
It is not possible that people can live without water because water is the source of human life.
It is not possible that people can live without water because water is essential for people to live.
It is not possible that people can live without water because water is the necessity for people to live.
It is not possible that people can cross the road at will because crossing the road at will is a very dangerous act.
It is not possible that people can cross the road at will because if one crosses the road at will , it would cause an accident.
It is not possible that people can cross the road at will because crossing the road at will can cost one's life
It is not possible that a pair of high heels would help when you climb a mountain because wearing high heels when climbing is both uncomfortable and dangerous
It is not possible that a pair of high heels would help when you climb a mountain because legs would slip if high heels are worn to climb mountains.
It is not possible that a pair of high heels would help when you climb a mountain because high heels have no grip
It is not possible that children can play with fire freely because playing with fire is dangerous for children.
It is not possible that children can play with fire freely because fire burns
It is not possible that children can play with fire freely because playing freely with fire will cause hazardous accidents.
It is not possible that fighting is a good behavior because fighting can cause psychological and physical harm to others.
It is not possible that fighting is a good behavior because fighting is usually a negative result of inappropriate actions or statements.
It is not possible that fighting is a good behavior because fighting creates violence
It is not possible that raw water can be drunk because raw water contains bacteria so it cannot be drunk.
It is not possible that raw water can be drunk because water is pure and good for you.
It is not possible that raw water can be drunk because raw water has elements in it that can be harmful to people.
It is not possible that the moon appears in the daytime because the moon appears at night.
It is not possible that the moon appears in the daytime because the moon is a star that comes out at night.
It is not possible that the moon appears in the daytime because no one sees the moon in the daytime.
It is not possible that chicken is a kind of fruit because chicken is a kind of poultry, not fruit.
It is not possible that chicken is a kind of fruit because chicken is an animal
It is not possible that chicken is a kind of fruit because a chicken is a bird.
It is not possible that wind can easily blow the house up because the house is usually too heavy to be blown up by wind.
It is not possible that wind can easily blow the house up because wind is felt and not comprised of physical shape nor physical constructs such as explosives.
It is not possible that wind can easily blow the house up because house is a heavy object and can not be blown by wind easily
It is not possible that they caught a fish in the forest because there are no fish in the forest.
It is not possible that they caught a fish in the forest because fish cannot live in the forest.
It is not possible that they caught a fish in the forest because fishes do not live in forest.
It is not possible that all the grass is inedible because some grass can be eaten as a vegetable.
It is not possible that all the grass is inedible because grass are suitable for eating
It is not possible that all the grass is inedible because grass is eaten by animals.
It is not possible that the street lamp comes on when it is bright because there is no need for street lamps when it is bright
It is not possible that the street lamp comes on when it is bright because the light only comes on when it is dark outside.
It is not possible that the street lamp comes on when it is bright because a lamp is not necessary with light already available.
It is not possible that he is a farmer and good at cultivating students because it is a farmer's job to cultivate crops, not students
It is not possible that he is a farmer and good at cultivating students because cultivating is an action that is done to the earth's soil to prepare for planting.
It is not possible that he is a farmer and good at cultivating students because farmers don't farm students.
It is not possible that they went camping and lived in five-star hotels because the meaning of camping is to live in tents, not hotels.
It is not possible that they went camping and lived in five-star hotels because five star hotels are not found in camping areas.
It is not possible that they went camping and lived in five-star hotels because they went camping and lived in platform.
It is not possible that we go to the restaurant to see a doctor because restaurants are places to eat.
It is not possible that we go to the restaurant to see a doctor because doctors don't work in restaurant.
It is not possible that we go to the restaurant to see a doctor because doctors do not work in restaurants.
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun rises in the east.
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun rises in the east
It is not possible that the sun rises in the west because the sun does not appear to rise in the west.
It is not possible that eating more sugar regularly is good for your teeth because eating more sugar can cause tooth decay.
It is not possible that eating more sugar regularly is good for your teeth because no one gets good results for their teeth by taking more sugar.
It is not possible that eating more sugar regularly is good for your teeth because eating too much sugar can lead to diabetes
It is not possible that playing more computer games can improve academic performance because playing more computer games will decrease your academic performance.
It is not possible that playing more computer games can improve academic performance because playing more computer games can lowers academic performance
It is not possible that playing more computer games can improve academic performance because working hard can improve academic performence better then computer games.
It is not possible that drinking coffee helps children grow taller because coffee doesn't contain the nutrients that make you grow taller
It is not possible that drinking coffee helps children grow taller because there are no ingredients in coffee that would promote growth.
It is not possible that drinking coffee helps children grow taller because coffee is bad for children.
It is not possible that people can change their destinies by seeking pleasure because greed for pleasure ruins one's destiny.
It is not possible that people can change their destinies by seeking pleasure because seeking pleasure does not change anything
It is not possible that people can change their destinies by seeking pleasure because pleasure can never change the destiny of a person.
It is not possible that teachers like dishonest children because dishonesty is a bad quality that nobody likes.
It is not possible that teachers like dishonest children because dishonest children are bad ones.
It is not possible that teachers like dishonest children because dishonest children are dislikable
It is not possible that we can make a lot of noise in the library because noise is not allowed in the library.
It is not possible that we can make a lot of noise in the library because library is for reading and studying , quit place , so making noise in library is not allowed
It is not possible that we can make a lot of noise in the library because the library is a quiet place because people are reading.
It is not possible that we can smoke in public because smoking in public is prohibited.
It is not possible that we can smoke in public because smoking is banned in many places.
It is not possible that we can smoke in public because smoking in public is punishable.
It is not possible that children can receive knowledge only from their teachers because teachers are not the only source where children can receive knowledge.
It is not possible that children can receive knowledge only from their teachers because children gain knowledge from their teacher and also from the surroundings , parents.
It is not possible that children can receive knowledge only from their teachers because teachers are important in providing some guidance in a child's life.
It is not possible that bats go out to hunt during the day because bats sleep during the day.
It is not possible that bats go out to hunt during the day because no one see the bats during the day.
It is not possible that bats go out to hunt during the day because bat's are nocturnal
It is not possible that i can play badminton alone because badminton is a sport that requires two talents.
It is not possible that i can play badminton alone because two people are necessary to play badminton.
It is not possible that i can play badminton alone because you need two or more people to play badminton.
It is not possible that there is plenty of water in a desert because desert is a place extremely lack of water.
It is not possible that there is plenty of water in a desert because in desert water will dry due to high  temperature.
It is not possible that there is plenty of water in a desert because deserts are very dry and have little water sources.
It is not possible that all koreans like pickles because there may be some koreans who don't like pickles.
It is not possible that all koreans like pickles because if membres of the same race like the same stuff wouldn't that make them identical, which is absurd.
It is not possible that all koreans like pickles because not everyone like pickles
It is not possible that he called me and his phone rang because the phone being called will ring
It is not possible that he called me and his phone rang because a phone cannot ring while calling someone on it.
It is not possible that he called me and his phone rang because before calling phone does not ring
It is not possible that we don't need to wash our hands after going to the toilet because it is unsanitary not to wash hands after going to the toilet.
It is not possible that we don't need to wash our hands after going to the toilet because we don't need to wash our hands before going to eat
It is not possible that we don't need to wash our hands after going to the toilet because after urinating , hands filled with bacteria.
It is not possible that staying up late can prolong a person's life because staying up late is not good for your health.
It is not possible that staying up late can prolong a person's life because no staying up late can shorten a person's life .and it cause health issues
It is not possible that staying up late can prolong a person's life because getting enough sleep every night is important to living a long and healthy life.
It is not possible that people usually relieve stress by killing people because killing people is illegal and it's not something people usually do.
It is not possible that people usually relieve stress by killing people because killing people is against the law.
It is not possible that people usually relieve stress by killing people because killing people is illegal and immoral and would not relieve stress.
It is not possible that you have a fever and need to continue working because working will aggravate illness.
It is not possible that you have a fever and need to continue working because one cannot work with fever.
It is not possible that you have a fever and need to continue working because fevers are contagious and means you are sick.
It is not possible that when we are sad, we laugh because people usually don't laugh when they are sad.
It is not possible that when we are sad, we laugh because sad people typically cry, and laughter is more commonly associated as an expression of joy.
It is not possible that when we are sad, we laugh because people cry when they are sad.
It is not possible that she dated an alien yesterday because there is no clear evidence that aliens exist in the world.
It is not possible that she dated an alien yesterday because she dated someone in her class.
It is not possible that she dated an alien yesterday because she dated an robot yesterday.
It is not possible that man can live on mercury because mercury has no suitable environment for human existence.
It is not possible that man can live on mercury because mercury is not suited for human life.
It is not possible that man can live on mercury because the environment on mercury can not support a human life
It is not possible that we can spit everywhere because spitting may spread bacteria and viruses.
It is not possible that we can spit everywhere because spitting in public is not polite.
It is not possible that we can spit everywhere because spit should only been done in specific ares and not everywhere
It is not possible that you can eat spoiled food because spoiled food can make people sick.
It is not possible that you can eat spoiled food because spoiled food are harmfull for our body
It is not possible that you can eat spoiled food because spoiled food may make you sick.
It is not possible that most people have hearts in the right chest because normally, the heart is on the left side of the human body.
It is not possible that most people have hearts in the right chest because human heart is located in left of the chest.
It is not possible that most people have hearts in the right chest because hearts are placed in the same place within each body.
It is not possible that locusts are beneficial insects because locusts can destroy crops so they are pest, not beneficial insects.
It is not possible that locusts are beneficial insects because locusts can not be beneficial for humans.
It is not possible that locusts are beneficial insects because locusts are pests of agriculture due to their ability to form dense and highly mobile swarms.
It is not possible that she often rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition because people with heart disease are not allowed to ride roller coasters.
It is not possible that she often rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition because she never rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition suppose she rides rooler coasters means she will face lots of problem like vomit
It is not possible that she often rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition because ride on roller coasters is not good for heart patient
It is not possible that people should overeat because overeating is not good for health.
It is not possible that people should overeat because overeating will lead to serious health issues.
It is not possible that people should overeat because overeating is unhealthy for people.
It is not possible that a ruler can be used to write because a ruler is a measuring tool.
It is not possible that a ruler can be used to write because a ruler is for measuring
It is not possible that a ruler can be used to write because a ruler is used to measure.
It is not possible that it was so hot that he drank a cup of hot water because hot water is too hot to cool down effectively
It is not possible that it was so hot that he drank a cup of hot water because hot water would make you hotter
It is not possible that it was so hot that he drank a cup of hot water because to cool down and clench his thirst, he drank a large glass of water.
It is not possible that he tied the stick with a snake because a snake cannot be used to bind things
It is not possible that he tied the stick with a snake because a snake will not sit well around a stick
It is not possible that he tied the stick with a snake because he tied the stick with a leaf
It is not possible that he was in such a bad mood that he could not help dancing because people dance only when they are in a good mood
It is not possible that he was in such a bad mood that he could not help dancing because a person in a bad mood avoids singing or dancing
It is not possible that he was in such a bad mood that he could not help dancing because a bad mood doesn't make you want to dance
It is not possible that he had a lot of work to do, so he left early because too much work will lengthen the working hours
It is not possible that he had a lot of work to do, so he left early because having a lot of work requires staying late to finish all the work.
It is not possible that he had a lot of work to do, so he left early because the only time someone would ever leave early is if they completed all their work before the end of the day.
It is not possible that he put out the fire with oil because oil helps fuel the fire and only makes it worse
It is not possible that he put out the fire with oil because oil is flammable
It is not possible that he put out the fire with oil because oil is flammable and makes fires worse.
It is not possible that he opened the door before he went out because people usually lock the door when they leave home
It is not possible that he opened the door before he went out because in order to leave out of a door, you have to open it.
It is not possible that he opened the door before he went out because when you go out you secure your home.
It is not possible that he overslept and arrived at the office early because oversleeping will miss the office hours
It is not possible that he overslept and arrived at the office early because if you sleep in you wouldn't be early
It is not possible that he overslept and arrived at the office early because one cannot go to office early after having overslept.
It is not possible that he picked up a knife and began to comb his hair because combing your hair with a knife will scratch your scalp
It is not possible that he picked up a knife and began to comb his hair because a knife will cut the head if combed with it.
It is not possible that he picked up a knife and began to comb his hair because we use a comb to comb our hair
It is not possible that the water in the pot boiled, so he turned on the fire because you need to turn off the fire when the water boils
It is not possible that the water in the pot boiled, so he turned on the fire because you would tun off the fire olif the water boiled
It is not possible that the water in the pot boiled, so he turned on the fire because the fire needs to be on to make the water boil
It is not possible that his handwriting is very ugly, so everyone praises him because ugly handwriting is not a thing to be praised
It is not possible that his handwriting is very ugly, so everyone praises him because if writing is bad people don't praise it
It is not possible that his handwriting is very ugly, so everyone praises him because praise is typically given when something is good or beautiful in nature.
It is not possible that the ground was spotless, so he began to sweep the floor because there is no need to sweep the floor when there is no dust on it
It is not possible that the ground was spotless, so he began to sweep the floor because spotless ground  do not need to be swept.
It is not possible that the ground was spotless, so he began to sweep the floor because the floor is so spotless that it doesn't need cleaning
It is not possible that the movie was so funny that he cried with sadness because watching funny movies can make people laugh, not cry
It is not possible that the movie was so funny that he cried with sadness because the movie was so hilarious, he was laughing so hard his stomach hurt.
It is not possible that the movie was so funny that he cried with sadness because funny doesn't make people sad
It is not possible that the problem was so difficult that he worked it out easily because solving difficult problems requires a lot of time and energy
It is not possible that the problem was so difficult that he worked it out easily because the problem was very simple and worked out easily.
It is not possible that the problem was so difficult that he worked it out easily because difficult stuff isn't easy
It is not possible that he went to the museum in the midnight because most museums are closed at night
It is not possible that he went to the museum in the midnight because the museum is not open at midnight.
It is not possible that he went to the museum in the midnight because the museum is usually closed in the midnight
It is not possible that he is afraid of the dark, so he goes out every night because a person afraid of dark won't go out at night because it's dark outside at night
It is not possible that he is afraid of the dark, so he goes out every night because it is dark at night, so going out would make him more afraid.
It is not possible that he is afraid of the dark, so he goes out every night because dark appears in night and he should also afraid of going out in night.
It is not possible that he has a bad memory and never forgets anything because it's easy to forget things when you have a bad memory
It is not possible that he has a bad memory and never forgets anything because bad memory always causes things to forget.
It is not possible that he has a bad memory and never forgets anything because a bad memory means you forget a lot
It is not possible that he played a tune on the table because the table is not an instrument
It is not possible that he played a tune on the table because the table isn't an instrument
It is not possible that he played a tune on the table because table is not musical instrument
It is not possible that she is tall and short because tall and short can't be used to describe the same person
It is not possible that she is tall and short because you can not be short and tall at the same time.
It is not possible that she is tall and short because she is very tall and slender.
It is not possible that the ant jumped up the tree because the ant can not jump
It is not possible that the ant jumped up the tree because ants are too small to jump significantly.
It is not possible that the ant jumped up the tree because common ants do not jump.
It is not possible that he turned on the tv first and plugged in the power because television can only be turned on if it is plugged in first
It is not possible that he turned on the tv first and plugged in the power because without plugging the power we cannot turn on the tv.
It is not possible that he turned on the tv first and plugged in the power because you need to plug in the tv before it will work
It is not possible that he often dreams, so his sleep quality is very good because you don't dream often when you sleep well
It is not possible that he often dreams, so his sleep quality is very good because dreams can disturb your sleep.
It is not possible that he often dreams, so his sleep quality is very good because dreams can make people restless when they sleep.
It is not possible that he was sleepy, so he picked up his cell phone and went back online because when you are sleepy, you should not continue to play with your phone
It is not possible that he was sleepy, so he picked up his cell phone and went back online because once your sleepy you just want to go to bed.
It is not possible that he was sleepy, so he picked up his cell phone and went back online because if your tired you go to sleep not stay awake on you phone
It is not possible that his skin turned white after he went to the desert because ultraviolet light in the desert darkens the skin
It is not possible that his skin turned white after he went to the desert because the sun in the desert make skin go black
It is not possible that his skin turned white after he went to the desert because climate in desert is hot
It is not possible that he cleaned the table with sandpaper because sandpaper will damage the surface of the table
It is not possible that he cleaned the table with sandpaper because sandpaper would damage the table
It is not possible that he cleaned the table with sandpaper because sandpaper would damage the table.
It is not possible that he is 12 years old and he is an adult now because only after 18 years old is he an adult
It is not possible that he is 12 years old and he is an adult now because at 12 years old you are not fully grown ,so still a child.
It is not possible that he is 12 years old and he is an adult now because 12 is too young to be an adult
It is not possible that he had spent all his money, so there was still a lot of money in wallet because when the money was spent there was not a penny in wallet
It is not possible that he had spent all his money, so there was still a lot of money in wallet because he spent all of his money, so his wallet was empty.
It is not possible that he had spent all his money, so there was still a lot of money in wallet because if someone spends all his/her money, he is left with no money
It is not possible that he doesn't like crowded places, so he always goes to the mall because there are always lots of people in the mall
It is not possible that he doesn't like crowded places, so he always goes to the mall because mall is not free of crowd.
It is not possible that he doesn't like crowded places, so he always goes to the mall because a mall is a busy crowded place.
It is not possible that he applied transparent glue to the wound to stop the bleeding because transparent glue has no hemostatic effect at all
It is not possible that he applied transparent glue to the wound to stop the bleeding because glue is not normally used to give first aid.
It is not possible that he applied transparent glue to the wound to stop the bleeding because glue can infect the wounded area.
It is not possible that mom has a beard because women don't grow beards
It is not possible that mom has a beard because mom, is usually a women and women don't have beards.
It is not possible that mom has a beard because women cannot grow facial hair to the point they have a noticeable beard unless they have a rare genetic condition.
It is not possible that my elder brother is two years younger than me because a person's elder brother should be older than he or she
It is not possible that my elder brother is two years younger than me because my elder brother can always be only older than me.
It is not possible that my elder brother is two years younger than me because my younger brother is two years older than me
It is not possible that he put the glass hard on the ground because glasses are fragile, so you should take them lightly
It is not possible that he put the glass hard on the ground because placing a glass down hard will break it.
It is not possible that he put the glass hard on the ground because glass is fragile and would break with force.
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he often eats peanut butter because peanut butter is made from peanuts
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he often eats peanut butter because if you are allergic to peanuts you should not eat anything with peanuts in.
It is not possible that he is allergic to peanuts, so he often eats peanut butter because if someone is allergic to something, he/she avoids that thing
It is not possible that it was too noisy outside, so he opened the window because opening a window will just let the noise louder
It is not possible that it was too noisy outside, so he opened the window because opening a window would increase the volume one hears outside.
It is not possible that it was too noisy outside, so he opened the window because opening the window would let in more noise, so would not make the environment less noisy.
It is not possible that he crumpled up the ruler and threw it into the dustbin because the ruler is too hard to be crumpled up
It is not possible that he crumpled up the ruler and threw it into the dustbin because paper can be crumbled and it can be recyled .
It is not possible that he crumpled up the ruler and threw it into the dustbin because a ruler is rigid and unable to be crumpled.
It is not possible that he went fishing at the aquarium because fishing is not allowed in the aquarium
It is not possible that he went fishing at the aquarium because aquarium is too small for do fishing.
It is not possible that he went fishing at the aquarium because you don't fish at an aquarium
It is not possible that he was stung by the puppy because puppy do not sting people
It is not possible that he was stung by the puppy because he was stung by a bee.
It is not possible that he was stung by the puppy because puppies have tails that wag, not stingers, and they can only be harmful by biting or scratching.
It is not possible that it rained last night and the road was dry because the rain will wet the road
It is not possible that it rained last night and the road was dry because when raining liquid drops fall o ground that water make wet in the ground
It is not possible that it rained last night and the road was dry because rain makes roads wet.
It is not possible that she runs in high heels because running in high heels is uncomfortable
It is not possible that she runs in high heels because high heels are difficult to walk in, let alone run.
It is not possible that she runs in high heels because high heels are painful and dangerous to run in.
It is not possible that he broke up, so he was very happy because breaking up is a sad thing, so he was not happy
It is not possible that he broke up, so he was very happy because breakups cause people to be sad,
It is not possible that he broke up, so he was very happy because breaking up is generally not a happy thing
It is not possible that he couldn't afford a second-handed car so he bought a new car because normally, a new car costs more than a second-handed car
It is not possible that he couldn't afford a second-handed car so he bought a new car because he have a less amount to buy a new car.
It is not possible that he couldn't afford a second-handed car so he bought a new car because a new car costs more than a second hand car
It is not possible that she ate expired food, so she broke her bone because eating expired foods does not lead to bone fracture
It is not possible that she ate expired food, so she broke her bone because you can not break bone from eating expired food
It is not possible that she ate expired food, so she broke her bone because she ate expired food, so she got an upset stomach.
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he has a pair of reading glasses because you should wear myopic glasses if you are short-sighted
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he has a pair of reading glasses because reading glasses do not correct for nearsighted vision.
It is not possible that he is nearsighted, so he has a pair of reading glasses because nearsighted people  have no need for reading glasses.
It is not possible that today is her birthday, so she gave gifts to others because it is a tradition to receive gifts on your birthday
It is not possible that today is her birthday, so she gave gifts to others because today is her birthday, so everyone else gave her gifts.
It is not possible that today is her birthday, so she gave gifts to others because on your birthday you receive gifts not give them
It is not possible that doctors never get sick because human beings get sick sometimes and doctors are humans
It is not possible that doctors never get sick because everyone is able to get sick, doctors are in contact with sick people a lot and will become sick because of it
It is not possible that doctors never get sick because doctor is also a human he can be sick
It is not possible that he went to the amusement park to refuel his car because there is no gas in the amusement park
It is not possible that he went to the amusement park to refuel his car because he went to the amusement park to have fun and ride roller coasters.
It is not possible that he went to the amusement park to refuel his car because an amusement park does not provide fuel for cars
It is not possible that the doctor told her to eat more sugar when she had cavities because too much sugar can cause more cavities
It is not possible that the doctor told her to eat more sugar when she had cavities because sugar destroys teeth
It is not possible that the doctor told her to eat more sugar when she had cavities because sugar free products are needed for healthy teeth
It is not possible that the whole class passed the exam and the teacher is angry because the teacher should be happy when the whole class pass the exam
It is not possible that the whole class passed the exam and the teacher is angry because a teacher would be happy their class passed an exam
It is not possible that the whole class passed the exam and the teacher is angry because the teacher was so happy when the entire class passed the test.
It is not possible that he is good at playing basketball so he becomes a professional cook because being good at playing basketball isn't the reason for becoming a cook
It is not possible that he is good at playing basketball so he becomes a professional cook because if someone is good in a certain thing, he becomes professional in that particular thing
It is not possible that he is good at playing basketball so he becomes a professional cook because if good at basketball you would be a professional basketball player
It is not possible that he picked up a house at random because the house is too heavy to lift
It is not possible that he picked up a house at random because a house is to heavy to pick up.
It is not possible that he picked up a house at random because a house is too big to be picked.
It is not possible that he picked up a lot of volleyball on the beach because there can't be lots of volleyballs on the beach
It is not possible that he picked up a lot of volleyball on the beach because volleyballs aren't just laying around on beaches
It is not possible that he picked up a lot of volleyball on the beach because beaches doesn't have volleyballs.
It is not possible that the frog sings on the stage because frogs can not sing a song
It is not possible that the frog sings on the stage because a frog cant sing
It is not possible that the frog sings on the stage because a frog cannot sing.
It is not possible that he watches tv shows on his watch because you can't watch tv with your watch
It is not possible that he watches tv shows on his watch because he watches tv shows on his laptop.
It is not possible that he watches tv shows on his watch because watches cannot play tv shows.
It is not possible that grandma has no teeth, so she often eats nuts because nuts are hard so impossible to be eaten without teeth
It is not possible that grandma has no teeth, so she often eats nuts because no one can eat nuts without teeth
It is not possible that grandma has no teeth, so she often eats nuts because eating nuts requires teeth to chew them up.
It is not possible that it was so hot that he sweated a ton because people can't sweat so much at one time
It is not possible that it was so hot that he sweated a ton because when it's really hot, it's common to sweat a lot.
It is not possible that it was so hot that he sweated a ton because total 72% of the body weight is water and it can not be a ton
It is not possible that he went to the ladies' room because boys can't go into ladies' toilets
It is not possible that he went to the ladies' room because ladies room are used only by ladies.
It is not possible that he went to the ladies' room because men don't go to the female toilet
It is not possible that he washed his hands with charcoal because charcoal can get your hands dirty
It is not possible that he washed his hands with charcoal because charcoal is used for fire.
It is not possible that he washed his hands with charcoal because charcoal would make your hands black.
It is not possible that he saw a seagull in the desert because seagulls don't live in the desert
It is not possible that he saw a seagull in the desert because seagull is a seabird and it does not lives in dessert.
It is not possible that he saw a seagull in the desert because gulls usually appear where there has water, while deserts have no water
It is not possible that the mice chewed through my glass because the mice can't bite the glass because it is too hard
It is not possible that the mice chewed through my glass because mice do not have strong enough teeth to chew glass.
It is not possible that the mice chewed through my glass because the glass is too hard to chew
It is not possible that her birthday is on february 29th, so she has a birthday every year because there is only one february 29th every four years
It is not possible that her birthday is on february 29th, so she has a birthday every year because we only have 29th february every four years.
It is not possible that her birthday is on february 29th, so she has a birthday every year because you have one birthday a each year
It is not possible that the traffic light was green, so he stopped because the green light means you can go
It is not possible that the traffic light was green, so he stopped because people only stop at red light
It is not possible that the traffic light was green, so he stopped because one stops only when the traffic light goes red.
It is not possible that he took a whale out of his schoolbag because there's no room for a whale in the schoolbag
It is not possible that he took a whale out of his schoolbag because a person can't carry a whale in a bag, the whales are too big
It is not possible that he took a whale out of his schoolbag because pens and books fit in backpacks, whales fit in the oceans
It is not possible that the sun was too bright, so he took off his sunglasses because sunglasses can prevent sunlight from entering your eyes
It is not possible that the sun was too bright, so he took off his sunglasses because sun glasses are worn when the sun shines brightly.
It is not possible that the sun was too bright, so he took off his sunglasses because the sun was so bright, so he put on sunglasses.
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his car key because the car key only opens the car, not the door
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his car key because car keys are only able to unlock cars.
It is not possible that he unlocked the door with his car key because a car key will open the car and nothing else.
It is not possible that he smelled grilled fish in the corridor of the hospital because the smell of roast fish can only be smelled in a roast fish shop
It is not possible that he smelled grilled fish in the corridor of the hospital because grilled fish is not used in a hospital'
It is not possible that he smelled grilled fish in the corridor of the hospital because hospital do not clean with fish
It is not possible that he planted the tree in the middle of the road because trees can't be planted in the middle of the road
It is not possible that he planted the tree in the middle of the road because a plant in the middle of the road will be run over by vehicles.
It is not possible that he planted the tree in the middle of the road because the trees in the middle of the road will obstruct the traffic
It is not possible that he had a bad appetite, so he ate a lot because one cannot eat when one has a bad appetite
It is not possible that he had a bad appetite, so he ate a lot because due to his health he want to eat.
It is not possible that he had a bad appetite, so he ate a lot because one avoids eating if he/she has a bad appetite
It is not possible that he sat on the cactus and watched tv because cactus has lots of spines and can't be sit on
It is not possible that he sat on the cactus and watched tv because cactus is a plant
It is not possible that he sat on the cactus and watched tv because cacti have thorns sofas have foam, it shouldn't be too good to sit
It is not possible that he went to the railway station by plane because there are no planes at the railway station
It is not possible that he went to the railway station by plane because a plane needs a very large, open air strip to land at it's destination.
It is not possible that he went to the railway station by plane because you can't go to a railway station by plane.
It is not possible that dad was shoveling grass on the highway because there are no weeds on the highway
It is not possible that dad was shoveling grass on the highway because you shouldn't do shoveling on a highway, lawns are made of grass.
It is not possible that dad was shoveling grass on the highway because dad was shoveling snow off the driveway.
It is not possible that they went camping in kindergarten because a kindergarten is where kids go to school, not a place for camping
It is not possible that they went camping in kindergarten because kindergarten is educational place for kids.
It is not possible that they went camping in kindergarten because a kindergarten is a place where children are taught, not for camping
It is not possible that the box was too heavy, so she felt easy to move it because it takes a lot of strength to lift things when they are heavy
It is not possible that the box was too heavy, so she felt easy to move it because you can't move something that is to heavy for you.
It is not possible that the box was too heavy, so she felt easy to move it because heavy things are harder to lift.
It is not possible that dad shaved with papers because papers can't shave a beard
It is not possible that dad shaved with papers because papers don't have a sharp edge to be able to shave
It is not possible that dad shaved with papers because papers are not a cutting utensil.
It is not possible that modesty makes a man backward because modesty can help you improve yourself
It is not possible that modesty makes a man backward because modesty makes a man honest.
It is not possible that modesty makes a man backward because modesty is being humble about ones abilities or accomplishments and cannot make a person go backwards or any direction.
It is not possible that he had dinner in the morning because meal had in the morning is called breakfast, not dinner
It is not possible that he had dinner in the morning because you would not want a full meal for your breakfast.
It is not possible that he had dinner in the morning because the meal people eat is night is called dinner not in the morning
It is not possible that he saw lots of mouses in disney park because disney park is usually very clean, so there can't be lots of mouses
It is not possible that he saw lots of mouses in disney park because he would just see mickey
It is not possible that he saw lots of mouses in disney park because mouses are found only in houses.
It is not possible that he doesn't like fruit, but he likes apples because an apple is also a kind of fruit
It is not possible that he doesn't like fruit, but he likes apples because apple is also a kind of fruit.
It is not possible that he doesn't like fruit, but he likes apples because apples are fruit
It is not possible that the song was terrible, so he listened to it many times because if the song is too bad, it will make people lose interest in listening to it
It is not possible that the song was terrible, so he listened to it many times because song was not so good s he listened to it many times
It is not possible that the song was terrible, so he listened to it many times because people do not listen to songs that they find terrible
It is not possible that he procrastinated a lot, so he finished the task ahead of time because procrastinating will prolong the time you finish the task
It is not possible that he procrastinated a lot, so he finished the task ahead of time because with his own knowledge and brain he done a good work in time.
It is not possible that he procrastinated a lot, so he finished the task ahead of time because procrastinating means to delay work, so it would not contribute to finishing a task ahead of time.
It is not possible that transportation facilities belong to private property because transportation facilities are public property to ensure the safe operation of the transportation system.
It is not possible that transportation facilities belong to private property because both ate useful to humanbeing
It is not possible that transportation facilities belong to private property because public transport doesn't belong to private property
It is not possible that learning history can help us understand what will happen in the future because history records the events of ancient times and has nothing to do with the future.
It is not possible that learning history can help us understand what will happen in the future because history is a series of past events
It is not possible that learning history can help us understand what will happen in the future because this statement is illogical beacause learning history helps us understanding the past so that we can use that knowlodge in future
It is not possible that flammable and explosive articles allowed on high-speed rail because flammable and explosive materials can endanger passengers' lives
It is not possible that flammable and explosive articles allowed on high-speed rail because if a train crashes while transporting hazardous materials , it would be a giant bomb.
It is not possible that flammable and explosive articles allowed on high-speed rail because high speed railways do not allow flammable or explosives as they are dangerous.
It is not possible that all dogs in public places should be released because dogs without being roped can easily hurt humans.
It is not possible that all dogs in public places should be released because people will be in danger by free dogs.
It is not possible that all dogs in public places should be released because dogs released in a public place could cause a lot of harm.
It is not possible that scholarships are a disgrace to students because only good students can get scholarships, so it's not a disgrace.
It is not possible that scholarships are a disgrace to students because students work hard to earn scholarships.
It is not possible that scholarships are a disgrace to students because scholarships are given to encourage the students.
It is not possible that dictionaries can explain some laws of nature because a dictionary can only explain the meaning of some words, but it can't explain the laws of nature.
It is not possible that dictionaries can explain some laws of nature because dictionaries don't know the laws of nature.
It is not possible that dictionaries can explain some laws of nature because dictionaries give definitions not explanations.
It is not possible that different people have the same occupation because everyone has his own work to do, not the same work.
It is not possible that different people have the same occupation because all lazy people have the same occupation
It is not possible that different people have the same occupation because not everyone has the same job
It is not possible that taking notes in class is a bad habit because it is a good habit to take notes to promote one's study.
It is not possible that taking notes in class is a bad habit because because taking notes is a good habit
It is not possible that taking notes in class is a bad habit because students can fare well by taking notes in class.
It is not possible that sewerage is not important to the city because sewerage can dredge sewage, is the heart of the city
It is not possible that sewerage is not important to the city because most cities need sewerage
It is not possible that sewerage is not important to the city because city without sewerage will be unhygienic and hazardous.
It is not possible that the swimming pool is a good place to sleep because sleep should go to the bedroom, not the swimming pool.
It is not possible that the swimming pool is a good place to sleep because you would drown if you went to sleep in a swimming pool.
It is not possible that the swimming pool is a good place to sleep because you can't sleep in a pool, you would probably drown
It is not possible that the heart of a kind person is very vicious because kind people are kind-hearted and have beautiful hearts.
It is not possible that the heart of a kind person is very vicious because a kind person cannot be vicious by heart.
It is not possible that the heart of a kind person is very vicious because brutality does not coexist with kindness.
It is not possible that the lighthouse misled the ship because at night, the lighthouse will show the way home for the ship.
It is not possible that the lighthouse misled the ship because lighthouses help ships
It is not possible that the lighthouse misled the ship because lighthouses exist for the benefit of ships.
It is not possible that beggars usually have luxurious villas because beggars are very poor. they can't have luxury houses.
It is not possible that beggars usually have luxurious villas because luxurious villas cannot be afforded by beggars.
It is not possible that beggars usually have luxurious villas because beggars cannot afford homes.
It is not possible that guitar is one of my favorite sports because the guitar is an instrument but not a sport.
It is not possible that guitar is one of my favorite sports because guitar is a musical instrument
It is not possible that guitar is one of my favorite sports because a guitar is an instrument not a sport.
It is not possible that he likes jogging at sea because people can't run on the ocean
It is not possible that he likes jogging at sea because you can't jog in the sea
It is not possible that he likes jogging at sea because we can only swim at sea.
It is not possible that he likes fishing in the desert because there is no water in the desert and you can't fish.
It is not possible that he likes fishing in the desert because there is no fish in the desert, so no one can go fishing there
It is not possible that he likes fishing in the desert because he likes fishing in the mountains.
It is not possible that the moon is very suitable for human habitation because there is no oxygen on the moon and it is not suitable for human habitation.
It is not possible that the moon is very suitable for human habitation because the moon has no air so people can't breathe or live there.
It is not possible that the moon is very suitable for human habitation because you can't breathe on the moon
It is not possible that weather change is an artificial behavior because weather change is a normal phenomenon in nature, not a result of manual intervention.
It is not possible that weather change is an artificial behavior because weather change is a prime example of natural occurence. behavior also explains actions for living beings
It is not possible that weather change is an artificial behavior because change of weather happens naturally.
It is not possible that mercedes-benz is the name of an animal because mercedes-benz is not an animal
It is not possible that mercedes-benz is the name of an animal because no animal is called mercedes
It is not possible that mercedes-benz is the name of an animal because mercedes-benz is not animal its a brand
It is not possible that teeth are the most vulnerable organs in the human body because the teeth are very hard and not fragile.
It is not possible that teeth are the most vulnerable organs in the human body because teeth are hidden in the mouth
It is not possible that teeth are the most vulnerable organs in the human body because teeth a solid, so we can use them to bite and chew.
It is not possible that airplanes can dive into the water because the airplane is powered by its wings and thus flies. it can't dive.
It is not possible that airplanes can dive into the water because airplanes are not made to go in water
It is not possible that airplanes can dive into the water because some special airplanes can land on top of the water.
It is not possible that wolves are solitary animals because wolves' population rank is strict, and it has high sociality.
It is not possible that wolves are solitary animals because wolves live in packs
It is not possible that wolves are solitary animals because wolves live in packs
It is not possible that cheetah is a lovely cat because cheetah is a kind of cat, but he is very cruel.
It is not possible that cheetah is a lovely cat because cheetahs are beautiful wild animals.
It is not possible that cheetah is a lovely cat because cheetah eats people
It is not possible that milk is a fermented product because milk is a natural drink from cattle.
It is not possible that milk is a fermented product because if milk is fermented, it would become curd.
It is not possible that milk is a fermented product because if milk was fermented it would be yogurt
It is not possible that coke is a traditional condiment because coke is a carbonated drink, not a condiment.
It is not possible that coke is a traditional condiment because coke is a drink.
It is not possible that coke is a traditional condiment because coke is a popular soda.
It is not possible that people can take a bath in the bedroom because the bedroom is for sleeping.
It is not possible that people can take a bath in the bedroom because there is water in the bedroom.
It is not possible that people can take a bath in the bedroom because baths are not in bedrooms
It is not possible that the polar region is very warm because the polar region is perennially covered with snow and ice, which is very cold.
It is not possible that the polar region is very warm because the polar regions are full of ice.
It is not possible that the polar region is very warm because the polar region is full of ice and snow, so it can't be hot
It is not possible that cheese is a mildewed milk product because cheese is the products of a fermenting process, but not the mildewed process
It is not possible that cheese is a mildewed milk product because cheese is not made by molding milk and hence is not a mildewed milk product.
It is not possible that cheese is a mildewed milk product because cheese is a milk product.
It is not possible that ancient and modern have the same social system because there are different social systems at different times.
It is not possible that ancient and modern have the same social system because social systems have evolved and changed with time.
It is not possible that ancient and modern have the same social system because social system has changed over the time and ancient and modern people cannot have the same social system.
It is not possible that bees are a pest because bees can spread pollen, not pests.
It is not possible that bees are a pest because bees does not affect the farming fields.hence it is not a pest
It is not possible that bees are a pest because bees help plants breed
It is not possible that there should be inequality between men and women because everyone is equal, no matter the gender.
It is not possible that there should be inequality between men and women because men and women are same
It is not possible that there should be inequality between men and women because inequality between men and women affect both negatively.
It is not possible that bars are good places to sleep because the bar is too noisy to sleep.
It is not possible that bars are good places to sleep because a bar is noisy with lots of people
It is not possible that bars are good places to sleep because bars create much noise and one cannot sleep there.
It is not possible that the bedroom can cook because the bedroom has no tools for cooking.
It is not possible that the bedroom can cook because a bedroom's main purpose is to be slept in.
It is not possible that the bedroom can cook because bedroom is a type of room not a person or equipment that can cook
It is not possible that i like to eat with shampoo because shampoo is inedible
It is not possible that i like to eat with shampoo because shampoo is not a food and is not safe to ingest.
It is not possible that i like to eat with shampoo because i like to wash my hair with shampoo.
It is not possible that people can talk to the dead on the phone because dead people can't answer the phone
It is not possible that people can talk to the dead on the phone because the dead can't talk
It is not possible that people can talk to the dead on the phone because people can talk with each other on the phone.
It is not possible that monday is people's legal holiday because monday is a statutory working day
It is not possible that monday is people's legal holiday because monday is the first working day of the week.
It is not possible that monday is people's legal holiday because monday's are the beginning of the work week.
It is not possible that most judges are unfair because being fair in law enforcement is the responsibility of judges
It is not possible that most judges are unfair because a judge is obligated to follow and uphold the law regardless of their own views and opinions.
It is not possible that most judges are unfair because people need fair judges and most judges are fair.
It is not possible that business seats on high-speed rail are suitable for the poor because the poor have no money to ride in expensive business seats.
It is not possible that business seats on high-speed rail are suitable for the poor because they are expensive
It is not possible that business seats on high-speed rail are suitable for the poor because seats in business class are very expensive
It is not possible that man can breathe in a vacuum because without oxygen in vacuum, human beings cannot survive
It is not possible that man can breathe in a vacuum because man requires air to breath and a vaccum would remove the air
It is not possible that man can breathe in a vacuum because vacuum has no air and it cannot be breathed in.
It is not possible that i parked my car in the kitchen because the kitchen is the place to cook, not the place to park.
It is not possible that i parked my car in the kitchen because i parked my car in the garage.
It is not possible that i parked my car in the kitchen because i parked my car not in the kitchen. the kitchen area was cooking area. so i parked my car in the parking area.
It is not possible that we can close the windows to ventilate because close the window and the air can't flow and ventilate.
It is not possible that we can close the windows to ventilate because closed windows trapped the air inside.
It is not possible that we can close the windows to ventilate because air can not escape or enter through a closed window.
It is not possible that the sun itself cannot shine because nuclear reactions occur inside the sun, which emits energy and produces light.
It is not possible that the sun itself cannot shine because it reflects the heat
It is not possible that the sun itself cannot shine because the sun emits light
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because the police exist to stop crime
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because the police catch crminals
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because criminals try to escape from police lest they be arrested.
It is not possible that the knife is very soft because the knife is made of iron and steel. it's very hard.
It is not possible that the knife is very soft because knife is a sharp object not soft
It is not possible that the knife is very soft because the knife is hard and sharp.
It is not possible that tornadoes are an animal because tornado is not an animal's name
It is not possible that tornadoes are an animal because tornadoes are a natural disaster.
It is not possible that tornadoes are an animal because tornados are a natural event not a living thing.
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because fitness venues are called gyms
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because no one sees the people in hospital where they exorcise.
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because people exercise in gyms, not hospitals
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because everyone has a certain difference in appearance.
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because aside from twins, no two people look exactly the same.
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because different will people always look different.
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because different people have different interests and hobbies.
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because some people like sports and others don't so this is one example.
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because everyone has their own favorite hobbies and interests.
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because the tank's lethality is terrible. it's a military weapon.
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because tanks are weapons and can not be used as a communication device
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because tanks are only used in war.
It is not possible that cancer is an easy disease to treat because cancer is a very terrible disease, and it is very difficult to recover from it.
It is not possible that cancer is an easy disease to treat because cancer is never an easy thing to be diagnosed with, or treat.
It is not possible that cancer is an easy disease to treat because recently many rich people themselves are facing death due to cancer. cancer is hard to treat.
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because teachers' duty is to teach and educate people.
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because a teacher's duty if to teach and educate people
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because the duty of students is to learn.
It is not possible that steel is made of clay because iron and steel are compounds of iron and carbon.
It is not possible that steel is made of clay because steel is made of iron
It is not possible that steel is made of clay because you can not make steel with clay
It is not possible that dairy cows can be planted on the land because dairy cows are animals and cannot be planted on the ground.
It is not possible that dairy cows can be planted on the land because cows are not plants
It is not possible that dairy cows can be planted on the land because cows are animals that cannot be planted.
It is not possible that the sun brings darkness to mankind because the sun shines on the earth, bringing light to mankind.
It is not possible that the sun brings darkness to mankind because the world becomes dark when the sun sets.
It is not possible that the sun brings darkness to mankind because the sun shines.
It is not possible that the light of the moon comes from itself because the moon absorbs sunlight during the day and illuminates the earth at night.
It is not possible that the light of the moon comes from itself because moon cannot produce light by its own
It is not possible that the light of the moon comes from itself because the moon reflects light from the sun.
It is not possible that different vehicles have the same speed because different types of vehicles have different speeds.
It is not possible that different vehicles have the same speed because there is difference in the speed of different vehicles.
It is not possible that different vehicles have the same speed because vehicles have different size motors, tires and wright so this means they have different speeds
It is not possible that drugs can bring great benefits to the body because drugs can be addictive without any benefit.
It is not possible that drugs can bring great benefits to the body because drugs are poisonous
It is not possible that drugs can bring great benefits to the body because medicines can help remedy diseases, but they bring a lot of damage to the body and adverse reactions
It is not possible that driving through a puddle should be fast because fast driving will cause the car to stall, especially in the puddle
It is not possible that driving through a puddle should be fast because typically a puddle has a pothole underneath it which can damage a car if driven over at high speeds.
It is not possible that driving through a puddle should be fast because fast driving through a puddle can be dangerous.
It is not possible that a bow is the name of a butterfly because a bow is a hand-made ornament.
It is not possible that a bow is the name of a butterfly because bow is a weapon not an insect
It is not possible that a bow is the name of a butterfly because typically the scientific names for butterfly's are long and complicated as to distinguish them from one another.
It is not possible that fruits are rich in nicotine because nicotine is a harmful substance that does not exist in fruits.
It is not possible that fruits are rich in nicotine because there is no nicotine in fruit.
It is not possible that fruits are rich in nicotine because nicotine is a treatment of tobacco use disorders
It is not possible that man has wings and can fly in the sky because man has no wings and can only live on land.
It is not possible that man has wings and can fly in the sky because no human has wings to fly.
It is not possible that man has wings and can fly in the sky because man has legs not wings.
It is not possible that an ostrich is a fast-flying bird because the ostrich is a bird, but it can't fly.
It is not possible that an ostrich is a fast-flying bird because an ostrich can only run fast.
It is not possible that an ostrich is a fast-flying bird because an ostrich cannot fly.
It is not possible that he likes to travel by cat because cats are so small that they can't travel on their bikes.
It is not possible that he likes to travel by cat because cat is not a mode of transportation
It is not possible that he likes to travel by cat because a cat cannot be used by a person to travel.
It is not possible that you can sign up for a makeup class to travel because a makeup class is a place for makeup work but not travel.
It is not possible that you can sign up for a makeup class to travel because there is no travel involved  in a make up class.
It is not possible that you can sign up for a makeup class to travel because if you sign up to a makeup class you would be focused on doing makeup such as eyeliner, lipstick, eyeshadow and focused on travelling.
It is not possible that butter is a kind of milk because butter is a dairy product made from milk.
It is not possible that butter is a kind of milk because butter is a derivative of milk and not a type of milk.
It is not possible that butter is a kind of milk because butter and milk are both dairy products.
It is not possible that motorcycles need cooking oil to drive because edible oil is used for food and cannot be used as fuel for motorcycles.
It is not possible that motorcycles need cooking oil to drive because cooking oil cannot be used for motor cycles.
It is not possible that motorcycles need cooking oil to drive because motorcycles need fuel to run like petrol
It is not possible that farmers live by planting money because money can't be planted, but crops can
It is not possible that farmers live by planting money because money doesn't grow
It is not possible that farmers live by planting money because farmer's are know for their success at raising livestock and growing quality fruits and vegetables.
It is not possible that summer is very cold in all seasons because the temperature is very high in summer, so it won't be cold.
It is not possible that summer is very cold in all seasons because summer is a season
It is not possible that summer is very cold in all seasons because summer is the warmest season of the year.
It is not possible that electric cars need gasoline to drive because electric cars can convert electrical energy into kinetic energy, without the need for gasoline.
It is not possible that electric cars need gasoline to drive because most electric cars can not run off any kind of fuel.
It is not possible that electric cars need gasoline to drive because the engine of an electric car does not need gasoline
It is not possible that the bedroom is a good place to cook because cooking should be in the kitchen
It is not possible that the bedroom is a good place to cook because cooking is not done in bedroom.
It is not possible that the bedroom is a good place to cook because the bedroom is a good place to sleep.
It is not possible that ancient people were very advanced in science and technology when comparing to modern people because after many year's developments, modern people should have better science and technology than the ancient.
It is not possible that ancient people were very advanced in science and technology when comparing to modern people because ancient people did not have the advancements we have to day.
It is not possible that ancient people were very advanced in science and technology when comparing to modern people because ancient people had not the knowledge of science and technology.
It is not possible that pesticides kill plants because pesticides are chemicals specially designed to kill pests.
It is not possible that pesticides kill plants because pesticides can kill the human beings.
It is not possible that pesticides kill plants because you would not want to kill your plants.
It is not possible that dogs mainly heat through sweat glands because dogs have very few sweat glands and can only use their tongues for heat dissipation.
It is not possible that dogs mainly heat through sweat glands because dogs don't heat.
It is not possible that dogs mainly heat through sweat glands because dogs don't have sweat glands
It is not possible that plants migrate at any time in harsh environments because plants cannot move themselves
It is not possible that plants migrate at any time in harsh environments because plants are stationary
It is not possible that plants migrate at any time in harsh environments because plants have roots and they are cannot move as animals do.
It is not possible that humans can photosynthesize because humans can't photosynthesize, because they do not have the chloroplast like plants.
It is not possible that humans can photosynthesize because photosynthesis is a plant's life cycle.
It is not possible that humans can photosynthesize because people don't plants
It is not possible that the human kidney is a digestive organ because the kidney is a detoxification organ.
It is not possible that the human kidney is a digestive organ because kidney is not used to digest foor
It is not possible that the human kidney is a digestive organ because human stomach is the digestive organ not kidney.
It is not possible that the candle turn electricity into light because candles can bring light without electricity.
It is not possible that the candle turn electricity into light because a candle doesn't use electricity, but fire to produce light.
It is not possible that the candle turn electricity into light because a candle isn't a generator
It is not possible that people are inherently unequal because everyone is equal in modern society
It is not possible that people are inherently unequal because inequality exists largely because of differences in social circumstances, which is inherent of the system and not its people.
It is not possible that people are inherently unequal because all people are created equal.
It is not possible that everyone should trample on the law because the supremacy of law cannot be trampled upon
It is not possible that everyone should trample on the law because we have to respect law
It is not possible that everyone should trample on the law because there won't be any peace left in the universe if everyone tramples on laws.
It is not possible that people like to keep a fierce tiger as a pet because tigers are wild and people are very afraid of them.
It is not possible that people like to keep a fierce tiger as a pet because because it is also a cat family
It is not possible that people like to keep a fierce tiger as a pet because a tiger is a dangerous animal and is avoided as a pet
It is not possible that the snail's shell is his food because the shell of a snail protects the snail, not its food.
It is not possible that the snail's shell is his food because a snail cannot eat it's shell.
It is not possible that the snail's shell is his food because a snail wouldn't eat its own shell, it probably couldn't even reach
It is not possible that human beings have long tails because man has no tail, but pigs have.
It is not possible that human beings have long tails because humans do not have tails
It is not possible that human beings have long tails because dogs have long tails.
It is not possible that gold is very cheap because gold is very scarce, so it's very expensive.
It is not possible that gold is very cheap because if gold were a cheap metal , it would not have so much value.
It is not possible that gold is very cheap because gold is a precious metal.
It is not possible that people should wear sunglasses when they are short-sighted because sunglasses can not help people look at things clearly
It is not possible that people should wear sunglasses when they are short-sighted because may use to show they are short sighted
It is not possible that people should wear sunglasses when they are short-sighted because people should wear sunglasses to protect their eyes from the sun.
It is not possible that the order of writing in modern society is from right to left because the order of writing in ancient times is from right to left, but today is reversed.
It is not possible that the order of writing in modern society is from right to left because most people read and write from left to right.
It is not possible that the order of writing in modern society is from right to left because everybody writes from left to right.
It is not possible that war is very friendly because the war is very cruel and will do great harm to people.
It is not possible that war is very friendly because war is an act of aggression.
It is not possible that war is very friendly because any war cannot be friendly.
It is not possible that science and technology make our society backward because science and technology will make our society develop rapidly
It is not possible that science and technology make our society backward because science and technology help set our society forward.
It is not possible that science and technology make our society backward because science and technology have helped us discover new things.
It is not possible that different races have the same skin color because differences in climate conditions in different regions result in differences in skin color
It is not possible that different races have the same skin color because different races have all different types of skin complexions.
It is not possible that different races have the same skin color because human skin color are adaptive traits that correlate closely with geography and the sun's ultraviolet (uv) radiation.
It is not possible that the earth is a nearly square planet because the shape of the earth is not a square but an ellipse.
It is not possible that the earth is a nearly square planet because ellipse is not a square
It is not possible that the earth is a nearly square planet because the earth is round
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because hard-working people will be very serious in their work and will not be fired.
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because he was fired by his boss for sleeping.
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because the boss fired him for his lack of maturity.
It is not possible that you should continue to work if you feel tired and stressful because continuing to work will make you even more stressful.
It is not possible that you should continue to work if you feel tired and stressful because you should take a nap if you feel tired and stressed.
It is not possible that you should continue to work if you feel tired and stressful because no one continue to work if they feel tired and stressful.
It is not possible that you don't need to receive treatment if you realize that you suffer from depression because if you don't receive treatment, you will get worse and even hurt yourself.
It is not possible that you don't need to receive treatment if you realize that you suffer from depression because depression is a crippling mental condition, and it could lead to negative consequences if left untreated.
It is not possible that you don't need to receive treatment if you realize that you suffer from depression because depression requires treatment to learn how to handle it
It is not possible that disposable plastic bags will not lead to great damages to the environment because disposable plastic bags will pollute the soil and water in the environment for a long time.
It is not possible that disposable plastic bags will not lead to great damages to the environment because plastic bags take hundreds of years to decompose, damaging the environment
It is not possible that disposable plastic bags will not lead to great damages to the environment because burning of plastic in the open air, leads to environmental pollution due to the release of poisonous chemicals
It is not possible that judging a man by his appearance is good because a man's character does not depend on his appearance.
It is not possible that judging a man by his appearance is good because never assume things about someone based on their looks, but take into consideration their personality.
It is not possible that judging a man by his appearance is good because judging is stupidity
It is not possible that goal setting is not necessary because goal setting provides us with the motivation to achieve what we want to achieve.
It is not possible that goal setting is not necessary because without setting goals one cannot be successful.
It is not possible that goal setting is not necessary because setting a goal gives you something to work for.
It is not possible that too much indulged in games is not wrong because too much indulged in games will delay people's work.
It is not possible that too much indulged in games is not wrong because playing too much is bad for your health
It is not possible that too much indulged in games is not wrong because you can't play games all the time.
It is not possible that young people should not do volunteer actions because volunteer actions can help young people to gain some working and social experiences.
It is not possible that young people should not do volunteer actions because people of all ages should be involved in volunteer activities.
It is not possible that young people should not do volunteer actions because young people should do volunteer actions because young people have strength and energy
It is not possible that we can ignore the frustration education because strengthen frustration education can make people feel good when they facing setbacks in life.
It is not possible that we can ignore the frustration education because we should not ignore the frustration education
It is not possible that we can ignore the frustration education because it should not be ignored
It is not possible that health is not important to live because only by being healthy can we live longer.
It is not possible that health is not important to live because health is important to live a a long and happy life.
It is not possible that health is not important to live because bad health can shorten your life span.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't bring convenience to life because mobile phones can be used in many ways and help a lot in your daily life.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't bring convenience to life because mobile phones can be taken everywhere you go as opposed to a wired phone.
It is not possible that mobile phones don't bring convenience to life because mobile phones have been a huge technical advancement for us.
It is not possible that trees aren't indispensable to environment because trees can be used to reduce water runoff and soil erosion.
It is not possible that trees aren't indispensable to environment because the environment requires trees to create oxygen
It is not possible that trees aren't indispensable to environment because trees are vital to a growing environment.
It is not possible that knowledge is of little importance in our life because knowledge lets us deduce the right thing to do and make us learn more about life.
It is not possible that knowledge is of little importance in our life because knowledge helps people earn money and get on in life so it is important.
It is not possible that knowledge is of little importance in our life because knowledge is very important for a successful and thoughtful life.
It is not possible that people don't need to read selectively because there are many bad books that are poisonous to our mind.
It is not possible that people don't need to read selectively because people get to decide what they want to read.
It is not possible that people don't need to read selectively because selective reading is the choice of an individual
It is not possible that environment is not important for a restaurant because a good dining environment will make people more appetizing.
It is not possible that environment is not important for a restaurant because the environment sets the stage for the restaurant
It is not possible that environment is not important for a restaurant because you want a restaurant to be a nice place to be.
It is not possible that drugging abuse is a good thing because drugging abuse breaks hearts, destroys families.
It is not possible that drugging abuse is a good thing because drug abuse is a disease.
It is not possible that drugging abuse is a good thing because abusing anything is bad for you especially drugs
It is not possible that vocabulary isn't an important part of english learning because vocabulary is the prerequisite for fluent writing and reading english.
It is not possible that vocabulary isn't an important part of english learning because english learning is not possible without vocabulary.
It is not possible that vocabulary isn't an important part of english learning because vocabulary is an important part of spanish learning
It is not possible that salary level isn't an important criterion to measure a job because salary is the guarantee of people's normal life.
It is not possible that salary level isn't an important criterion to measure a job because people work for money so look for the highest pay they can
It is not possible that salary level isn't an important criterion to measure a job because every one wants more salary and it is important criterion to measure a job.
It is not possible that water resources aren't important to people because people cannot live without water resources in their daily life.
It is not possible that water resources aren't important to people because people need water to survive
It is not possible that water resources aren't important to people because water is necessary for everyone to do daily activities.so it is very important
It is not possible that eating appropriate amount of fruit is bad for people because fruits are rich in vitamin c needed by the human body.
It is not possible that eating appropriate amount of fruit is bad for people because fruit is healthy to eat
It is not possible that eating appropriate amount of fruit is bad for people because fruit gives us valuable vitamins , we should eat at least five a day.
It is not possible that alcohol isn't harmful to the human body because you can get alcohol poisoning if you drink too much  the chemicals in your body can cause vomiting or seizures  
It is not possible that alcohol isn't harmful to the human body because alcohol is a poison
It is not possible that alcohol isn't harmful to the human body because alcohol is toxic to the human body.
It is not possible that an adequate sleep has little effect on health because adequate sleep helps people maintain healthy body weight and an optimal blood sugar level  
It is not possible that an adequate sleep has little effect on health because healthy people always value getting a good night's rest.
It is not possible that an adequate sleep has little effect on health because lack of sleep has a negative effect, mentally, physically and emotionally.
It is not possible that excessive weight loss is not a big problem because excessive weight loss can lead to disorders in normal metabolism.
It is not possible that excessive weight loss is not a big problem because excessive weight loss will make one weak and unfit to do any work and is a big problem.
It is not possible that excessive weight loss is not a big problem because excessive weight loss can be just as dangerous as excessive weight gain.
It is not possible that excessive jealousy is a good thing because excessive jealousy makes it impossible to concentrate on one's own affairs.
It is not possible that excessive jealousy is a good thing because excessive jealousy is bad for relationships.
It is not possible that excessive jealousy is a good thing because jealousy harms you and those around you.
It is not possible that global warming shouldn't attract people's attention because global warming has resulted in threats sustainable development of human beings.
It is not possible that global warming shouldn't attract people's attention because global warming is an important issue we need to keep in mind.
It is not possible that global warming shouldn't attract people's attention because global warming is a major cause for concern with potentially catastrophic consequences in the not-so-distant future.
It is not possible that drinking coffee is harmful to human health because drinking coffee has been linked to a lower risk of heart disease, parkinson's, and liver cancer.
It is not possible that drinking coffee is harmful to human health because drinking beer is harmful to human health.
It is not possible that drinking coffee is harmful to human health because coffee does not make any adverse effect on human health.
It is not possible that it's good to spoil children because spoil to a child can ruin or damage his or her future  make they become more and more indulging.
It is not possible that it's good to spoil children because spoiled children are hard to manage.
It is not possible that it's good to spoil children because spoiling children can not be good and it is punishable.
It is not possible that not having breakfast will not be harmful to people because having no breakfast will throw the normal work of our digestive system into confusion.
It is not possible that not having breakfast will not be harmful to people because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
It is not possible that not having breakfast will not be harmful to people because breakfast is the most important meal of the day
It is not possible that teachers should scold children too much because moderate criticism is fine, but excessive criticism can deprive children of the confidence they deserve.
It is not possible that teachers should scold children too much because if teachers scold children too much, they would not respond to them.
It is not possible that teachers should scold children too much because it is important to not be too stern with a child and scolding a child too much can have negative effects on the child.
It is not possible that people should indulge in gambling because gambling can make people speculative and lose a lot of property.
It is not possible that people should indulge in gambling because if you gamble you are like to loose everything you own.
It is not possible that people should indulge in gambling because gambling is a vice to be avoided by people.
It is not possible that people should drive after being drunk because drunk driving causes traffic accidents, which affect the personal safety of pedestrians and drivers.
It is not possible that people should drive after being drunk because drunk and drive is prohibited
It is not possible that people should drive after being drunk because drunk driving will only lead to accident and one cannot reach home safely.
It is not possible that man and nature shouldn't live in harmony because only if people are in harmony with nature can mankind live forever.
It is not possible that man and nature shouldn't live in harmony because we will perish without nature
It is not possible that man and nature shouldn't live in harmony because nature is a beautiful place for people to relax and reconnect with themselves.
It is not possible that people don't need to pay attention to hygiene because attention to hygiene can prevent the occurrence of diseases.
It is not possible that people don't need to pay attention to hygiene because taking care to hygiene is important to people's health and they they need to pay attention.
It is not possible that people don't need to pay attention to hygiene because people can get sick from poor hygiene
It is not possible that drivers should drive over the speed limit because speeding can make drivers less likely to respond to unexpected events on the road.
It is not possible that drivers should drive over the speed limit because driving over speed limit is dangerous for everyone.
It is not possible that drivers should drive over the speed limit because if one crosses the speed limit, he will be fined.
It is not possible that air is not important to human beings because human beings can't live without air.
It is not possible that air is not important to human beings because air is a requirement for human beings to live, and we'd all be dead without it.
It is not possible that air is not important to human beings because without air humans couldn't breath
It is not possible that people don't need to chew slowly when eating because people chew slowly when eating. will keep people slim and make dining a far more enjoyable experience.
It is not possible that people don't need to chew slowly when eating because chewing faster will not make food to digest.hence people should chew slowly
It is not possible that people don't need to chew slowly when eating because chewing fast may result to choking
It is not possible that studying hard is useless because studying hard is the basic thing to get a good mark.
It is not possible that studying hard is useless because studying hard helps people get jobs and get on in life.
It is not possible that studying hard is useless because the more you study the more you learn.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because staying up late will cause dark circles or blood streak in the white of the eye.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because staying up late will make you tired.
It is not possible that staying up late is helpful for our health because getting good sleep is a staple of good health.
It is not possible that children can leave familiar places with people they don't know because people whose children don't know may commit crimes against children.
It is not possible that children can leave familiar places with people they don't know because it is unsafe for children to leave familiar places with people they don't know.
It is not possible that children can leave familiar places with people they don't know because children should never leave with people they don't know.
It is not possible that people shouldn't drink water every day because it's good for us to drink water every day.
It is not possible that people shouldn't drink water every day because water is vital for people to drink regularly.
It is not possible that people shouldn't drink water every day because water  is part of life so we should drink water everyday
It is not possible that people can leave their mobile phones when they work because mobile phones can store a lot of data, and they can quickly contact their partners.
It is not possible that people can leave their mobile phones when they work because mobile phones interfere with work
It is not possible that people can leave their mobile phones when they work because people are addicted to mobile phones, so they are not able to leave it.
It is not possible that wi-fi is not very helpful to people's lives because with wi-fi, people can work and chat online free of charge anytime, anywhere.
It is not possible that wi-fi is not very helpful to people's lives because wi fi makes it possible to be connected anytime, any place.
It is not possible that wi-fi is not very helpful to people's lives because people mostly use wifi
It is not possible that people should not be excessively narcissistic because those who suffer from narcissism become self-absorbed or chronic show-offs.
It is not possible that people should not be excessively narcissistic because narcissism affects people badly.
It is not possible that people should not be excessively narcissistic because it is important to not be selfish and self centered.
It is not possible that people should be excessively self-abased because self-abased will make people can not correctly understand themselves.
It is not possible that people should be excessively self-abased because people should have confidence.
It is not possible that people should be excessively self-abased because if people are excessively self-abased they cannot succeed in life due to their low-esteem.
It is not possible that the teacher praised me for being late because students shouldn't be late for class
It is not possible that the teacher praised me for being late because being punctual is important and praised.
It is not possible that the teacher praised me for being late because being late is a bad thing and any teacher can not praise for it.
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because dogs die from eating chocolate
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because since chocolates increase the toxic levels in dogs, they would die if given chocolate
It is not possible that dogs can eat chocolate because humans eat chocolate and dog eats bone and meat.
It is not possible that we can have petrol for breakfast because people can't drink petrol
It is not possible that we can have petrol for breakfast because no one have and wants to have petrol in the breakfast.
It is not possible that we can have petrol for breakfast because for bike petrol is the breakfast
It is not possible that laziness is a good quality because laziness can make people go backward
It is not possible that laziness is a good quality because lazy individuals do not have a go getter attitude.
It is not possible that laziness is a good quality because laziness is a bad habit
It is not possible that smoking can make people healthier because nicotine in cigarettes is poisonous thus bad for health
It is not possible that smoking can make people healthier because smoking is bad for your health
It is not possible that smoking can make people healthier because smoking is harmful to your health
It is not possible that fireflies can't light up because fireflies have glowing cells in their tails
It is not possible that fireflies can't light up because firelies have light on them.
It is not possible that fireflies can't light up because fireflies glow.
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because hard-working people are liked by bosses and will not be fired.
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because he was fired by his boss for sleeping.
It is not possible that he was fired by his boss for his diligence because the boss fired him for his lack of maturity.
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because the police exist to stop crimes, not help with them
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because the police catch crminals
It is not possible that the duty of the police is to help criminals because criminals try to escape from police lest they be arrested.
It is not possible that tornado is an animal because tornado is not a kind of animal, it is a kind of natural disaster
It is not possible that tornado is an animal because tornadoes are a natural disaster.
It is not possible that tornado is an animal because there is no animal called tornado.
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because people exercise in gyms, not hospitals
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because no one sees the people in hospital where they exorcise.
It is not possible that hospitals are places where people exercise because people exercise in gyms, not hospitals
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because everyone's appearance is different from each other.
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because same people have the different appearance.
It is not possible that different people have the same appearance because if two people are different, they will never have the same appearance, as only identical people can look the same.
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because different people have different interests and hobbies.
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because my friend and i have different interests and hobbies
It is not possible that everyone has the same interests and hobbies because people like different things
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because the tank's lethality is terrible so it's a military weapon.
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because tanks are weapons and can not be used as a communication device
It is not possible that tanks are a very powerful means of communication because tanks are only used in war.
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because it is the teachers' duty is to teach and educate people.
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because a teacher's duty if to teach and educate people
It is not possible that the duty of students is to teach and educate people because the duty of students is to learn.
It is not possible that he put an elephant into the fridge because an elephant is much bigger than a fridge
It is not possible that he put an elephant into the fridge because elephants cannot fit in fridges
It is not possible that he put an elephant into the fridge because an elephant is the largest land mammal so he's not going to fit into a fridge let alone probably not going to fit in the kitchen.
It is not possible that my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day because no one eats stones
It is not possible that my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day because no person eats stones for breakfast
It is not possible that my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day because the stone is not edible
It is not possible that money can be used for buying stars because no one can get stars and sell them now
It is not possible that money can be used for buying stars because money can not buy ownership to celestial matter.
It is not possible that money can be used for buying stars because stars are not owned by anyone.  they are people saying to can own stars but they are dirty rotten scoundrels appeasing to people's emotions. stars cannot be touched. you can't really own a star.
It is not possible that usa is located in the northeastern part of new york because usa is a nation while new york is its city
It is not possible that usa is located in the northeastern part of new york because new york is a state within the usa
It is not possible that usa is located in the northeastern part of new york because usa is a country and new york is a city so it's impossible to find usa inside new york
It is not possible that a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime because the sun is much brighter than the moon and stars in the day time
It is not possible that a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime because starts and the moon are not visible at daytime
It is not possible that a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime because stars don't show up during the day
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because restaurant do not have doctors for treatment
It is not possible that he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash because you go to the hospital instead of a restaurant.
It is not possible that his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam because parents are always happy to see their children get good grades
It is not possible that his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam because good grades are a sign that a student is learning math well, which leads to feelings of happiness and being proud.
It is not possible that his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam because people don't get angry over good grades.
It is not possible that cans are usually made of gold because gold is too expensive to make cans
It is not possible that cans are usually made of gold because cans are usually made of aluminum.
It is not possible that cans are usually made of gold because cans are usually made of tin
It is not possible that i put my desktop into my suitcase before departure because suitcases are not big enough for a desktop
It is not possible that i put my desktop into my suitcase before departure because desktop is too big for a suitcase
It is not possible that i put my desktop into my suitcase before departure because because you arent allowed to put yout desktop in your suitcase
It is not possible that i walk to the moon because the moon is to far to walk to
It is not possible that i walk to the moon because moon is not on earth, it's very far from earth ,to reach on moon on need special type rocket or something like that ,and it is very costly ,general person can't afford it.
It is not possible that i walk to the moon because you cannot walk to other interstellar objects.
It is not possible that i work 25 hours a day because a day only has 24 hours
It is not possible that i work 25 hours a day because there's only 24 hours in a day.
It is not possible that i work 25 hours a day because there are only 24 hours in a day
It is not possible that i'm hungry for water because water is used to quench thirsty
It is not possible that i'm hungry for water because you are thirsty for water, not hungry.
It is not possible that i'm hungry for water because water is not food
It is not possible that this basket can hold one gallon of water because baskets cannot hold water
It is not possible that this basket can hold one gallon of water because baskets don't hold water
It is not possible that this basket can hold one gallon of water because a basket cannot hold liquid.
It is not possible that this man can jump across a mountain easily because a mountain is too big for a man to jump across
It is not possible that this man can jump across a mountain easily because a person cannot jump that far.
It is not possible that this man can jump across a mountain easily because humans were designed to not jump that for nor high.
It is not possible that i put the rubbish into a mailbox because rubbish should be thrown into a trash can, rather than a mailbox
It is not possible that i put the rubbish into a mailbox because rubbish does not belong in a mailbox.
It is not possible that i put the rubbish into a mailbox because it should go in the trash
It is not possible that most children hate candies because candies are sweet and children love sweet things
It is not possible that most children hate candies because children enjoy candy.
It is not possible that most children hate candies because children are fond of sweets.
It is not possible that most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol because the alcohol makes drinker stupid
It is not possible that most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol because alcohol clouds the mind
It is not possible that most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol because nobody becomes wiser after alcohol
It is not possible that a salad usually contains grass because human do not eat grass
It is not possible that a salad usually contains grass because grass is not found in anytime type of salad.
It is not possible that a salad usually contains grass because grass is not a food
It is not possible that computers are everywhere in a forest because computers are not plants
It is not possible that computers are everywhere in a forest because a forest is made up of trees and natural phenomena, not technology.
It is not possible that computers are everywhere in a forest because there's no electricity in a forest
It is not possible that my family used to watch radio together after dinner because radios cannot be watched but only listened to
It is not possible that my family used to watch radio together after dinner because watch radio doesn't show time
It is not possible that my family used to watch radio together after dinner because radio doesn't support video ,it only supports audio.
It is not possible that i became sleepy after a whole day starvation because starvation makes a man feel hungry rather than sleepy
It is not possible that i became sleepy after a whole day starvation because when people starve they become hungry
It is not possible that i became sleepy after a whole day starvation because you would be hungry not sleepy
It is not possible that he cured after taking poisons because suicide leads to death, rather than cure
It is not possible that he cured after taking poisons because poison does not heal.
It is not possible that he cured after taking poisons because poison makes you sick.
It is not possible that i changed my car when passing a crossroads because we do not need change cars when passing a crossroads
It is not possible that i changed my car when passing a crossroads because there was nowhere for me to pull over to change my car
It is not possible that i changed my car when passing a crossroads because there's no reasonable explanation for changing a car when out and about. there's no changes you could do to your own car while driving. if by "changing cars," you mean transferring to a new, different vehicle, that doesn't make any sense either. many people only have access to one car, and they wouldn't pragmatically be able to swap vehicles when out and about, like passing a crossroads. it's just silly.
It is not possible that i had a sweet dream when i was awake yesterday because people dream only when they sleep
It is not possible that i had a sweet dream when i was awake yesterday because dream can't been seen while you are waking ,when you sleep then only dreams come.
It is not possible that i had a sweet dream when i was awake yesterday because dreams don't come when awake
It is not possible that my dad grows a tin of cola everyday because cola is produced in the factory rather in the farm
It is not possible that my dad grows a tin of cola everyday because cola is a man made product , so it can't be grow.
It is not possible that my dad grows a tin of cola everyday because cola is made, not grown.
It is not possible that alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends because feeling left out makes a person unhappy
It is not possible that alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends because most people would feel sad instead.
It is not possible that alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends because alice is sad if left out by friends
It is not possible that bob played hard to prepare for the examination because playing would not help the preparation for an examination
It is not possible that bob played hard to prepare for the examination because theres no playing hard for examination
It is not possible that bob played hard to prepare for the examination because you would have to study hard.
It is not possible that i was humiliated by him so i had better friendship with him because humiliation makes a person feel angry and hostile instead of friendly
It is not possible that i was humiliated by him so i had better friendship with him because there should be no humiliation in friendship
It is not possible that i was humiliated by him so i had better friendship with him because friends would not humiliate each other.
It is not possible that i cooked my meal at the restaurant because i do not need cook food at restaurant
It is not possible that i cooked my meal at the restaurant because you go to the restaurant specifically for not cooking
It is not possible that i cooked my meal at the restaurant because the restaurants cook the meal for you."hitid
It is not possible that bob loves to play tennis at the sports store because there is no tennis court in sports stores
It is not possible that bob loves to play tennis at the sports store because tennis could be played on a tennis court
It is not possible that bob loves to play tennis at the sports store because the sports store contains only the sports things.
It is not possible that i love eating seafood so i love eating chicken because chicken is not seafood
It is not possible that i love eating seafood so i love eating chicken because chicken isn't a sea food.
It is not possible that i love eating seafood so i love eating chicken because chicken is not a seafood.
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in basketball because tall guys can usually play basketball better
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in basketball because tall people have an advantage in basketball.
It is not possible that i am short so i have an advantage in basketball because i am short so i have an disadvantage in basketball
It is not possible that mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep because rock-and-roll is too noisy to make people asleep
It is not possible that mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep because rock-and-roll would not send a baby to sleep
It is not possible that mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep because rock-and-roll is not sleepy music.
It is not possible that this apple is a beautiful light blue color because we have not discovered blue apples yet
It is not possible that this apple is a beautiful light blue color because apples are never blue
It is not possible that this apple is a beautiful light blue color because apples are green or red.
It is not possible that i call my mum with a drum because nobody makes a call with a drum
It is not possible that i call my mum with a drum because a drum makes music and isn't something you could call anyone on
It is not possible that i call my mum with a drum because i can call my mom with a phone, not a drum.
It is not possible that i like drinking mercury after dinner because mercury is poisonous
It is not possible that i like drinking mercury after dinner because drinking mercury is fatal for human beings.
It is not possible that i like drinking mercury after dinner because to make digestive they may drink mercury after dinner
It is not possible that i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake because a bar of soap can only ruin the cake
It is not possible that i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake because birthday cake will be dirty if i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake.
It is not possible that i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake because i put a candy of on a birthday cake
It is not possible that plastic is the main ingredient in candy because plastic is not eatable
It is not possible that plastic is the main ingredient in candy because sugar is the main ingredient in candy.
It is not possible that plastic is the main ingredient in candy because candy is edible and does not contain plastic.
It is not possible that he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better because nobody eats robots
It is not possible that he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better because robots are not edible.
It is not possible that he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better because you do not cook a robot.
It is not possible that he is drunk soon after drinking some water because drinking water can't get people drunk
It is not possible that he is drunk soon after drinking some water because water does not have any alcoholic content for a person to get drunk.
It is not possible that he is drunk soon after drinking some water because drinking water will not make a drunken.
It is not possible that walking is an expensive hobby because walking costs almost nothing except shoes
It is not possible that walking is an expensive hobby because walking is a free hobby.
It is not possible that walking is an expensive hobby because walking does not cost money.
It is not possible that managers greet with each other and begin to bark because only dogs bark when they meet
It is not possible that managers greet with each other and begin to bark because dogs bark; managers do not.
It is not possible that managers greet with each other and begin to bark because managers are not dogs and cannot bark.
It is not possible that teachers teach sports with a globe because we don't learn mountains or countries during sport classes
It is not possible that teachers teach sports with a globe because to knowledge their student
It is not possible that teachers teach sports with a globe because globe is used to know about the world.
It is not possible that a funeral is a place for laughter because it is impolite to laugh at a funeral
It is not possible that a funeral is a place for laughter because funeral is a place for grieving.
It is not possible that a funeral is a place for laughter because a funeral is not a place for laughter
It is not possible that children have fun in the cemetery because cemetery is a place of sadness rather than fun
It is not possible that children have fun in the cemetery because children have fun on the playground.
It is not possible that children have fun in the cemetery because a cemetery isn't a place of fun.
It is not possible that mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes because restaurants don't need customers to do the dishes themselves
It is not possible that mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes because she like the  restaurant food
It is not possible that mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes because mary eats at a restaurant to fill her stomach.
It is not possible that wool is a form of eating material because people don't eat wool
It is not possible that wool is a form of eating material because wool isn't eaten.
It is not possible that wool is a form of eating material because wool is a form of don't eating material
It is not possible that mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom because a bedroom is used for relaxing rather than cooking
It is not possible that mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom because meals are prepared in kitchens.
It is not possible that mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom because cooking is done in the kitchen. bedroom is a place to get rest.
It is not possible that cars on the railway multiply during holidays because a railway is built for trains not cars
It is not possible that cars on the railway multiply during holidays because cars drive on roadways, not railways.
It is not possible that cars on the railway multiply during holidays because cars does not ride on a railway but on the road.
It is not possible that beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious because a drill is not a cooker
It is not possible that beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious because drills are used for drilling a hard material
It is not possible that beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious because a grill is for cooking food
It is not possible that jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with tom because tissues don't have telephone numbers on them
It is not possible that jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with tom because a rolodex does not contain tissues.
It is not possible that jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with tom because a rolodex does not hold tissue.
It is not possible that pictures can be kept on films eternally because films can easily be damaged thus ruin the picture
It is not possible that pictures can be kept on films eternally because a film can get damaged
It is not possible that pictures can be kept on films eternally because pictures are not stored on films.
It is not possible that we use a penknife to cut wood because using a penknife to cut wood is a waste of time and strength
It is not possible that we use a penknife to cut wood because a penknife is too weak and inefficient for wood cutting.
It is not possible that we use a penknife to cut wood because penknife is not sharp enough to cut wood
It is not possible that human beings can travel to the moon by bus because moon is unreachable by bus
It is not possible that human beings can travel to the moon by bus because human beings can travel to the moon by rocket
It is not possible that human beings can travel to the moon by bus because humans can only travel to the moon by spacecraft.
It is not possible that she is sad to play with her friends because meeting friends is a positive experience
It is not possible that she is sad to play with her friends because playing with friends brings people happiness.
It is not possible that she is sad to play with her friends because playing with friends makes people happy.
It is not possible that smartphones nowadays are huge because smartphones of huge size go against the rule of convenience
It is not possible that smartphones nowadays are huge because smartphones are normally made small enough to fit into your pocket, so that are not that big.
It is not possible that smartphones nowadays are huge because huge phones are tabs
It is not possible that we took television sets to commemorate important days because television sets do not serve as a souvenir
It is not possible that we took television sets to commemorate important days because television is an audio video device,not to commemorate important days.
It is not possible that we took television sets to commemorate important days because we can take information of important days by watching television
It is not possible that i park my car in the living room because it is impossible to park a car in the living room
It is not possible that i park my car in the living room because car can be parked on the parking area.
It is not possible that i park my car in the living room because it may be a playing car(small car which kids uses)
It is not possible that lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in because you don't have to break a wall for aeration
It is not possible that lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in because you just need to open the window to let air in.
It is not possible that lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in because a window must be opened for fresh air.
It is not possible that a giant panda is a black and white bird found in asia because a giant panda is a viviparous species
It is not possible that a giant panda is a black and white bird found in asia because panda is a bear, not a passador
It is not possible that a giant panda is a black and white bird found in asia because panda is a bear family beast
It is not possible that smoking is good for health because smoking does harm to langs and many other organs
It is not possible that smoking is good for health because smoking is one of the worst habits for health
It is not possible that smoking is good for health because smoking is bad for health
It is not possible that a power socket has a copper housing for safety because copper can cause life-threatening electric leakage
It is not possible that a power socket has a copper housing for safety because copper conducts electricity so this would be a fire hazard
It is not possible that a power socket has a copper housing for safety because a copper conducts electric current and can shock you when they are live so they cannot be for safety.
It is not possible that it takes him an hour to tear himself apart because nobody can tear himself up alive
It is not possible that it takes him an hour to tear himself apart because he can't physically tear himself apart because he's made of skin and bones.
It is not possible that it takes him an hour to tear himself apart because people don't tear themselves apart.
It is not possible that i rip a letter to tell her i am fine because a letter in pieces cannot carry a message
It is not possible that i rip a letter to tell her i am fine because if you rip a letter i will never reach to person you want to send.
It is not possible that i rip a letter to tell her i am fine because ripping letters is not a normal way convey good emotion.
It is not possible that a dining room is a place where people sleep because people sleep in a bedroom
It is not possible that a dining room is a place where people sleep because people sleep in bedrooms.
It is not possible that a dining room is a place where people sleep because no dining room is only eating
It is not possible that he breaks the iron board with a bare hand because iron is too hard to even be bent by an unarmed human
It is not possible that he breaks the iron board with a bare hand because you need something stronger than your bare hands to break something like an iron board.
It is not possible that he breaks the iron board with a bare hand because bare hands are so soft .
It is not possible that supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance because supermarkets want to attract more customers in the year-end
It is not possible that supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance because clearance are for price reduction
It is not possible that supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance because in supermarkets year end clearance at low prices.
It is not possible that the farm is destroyed by a tomato because tomatoes are not threatening plants for a farm
It is not possible that the farm is destroyed by a tomato because the farm would be destroyed by a tornado.
It is not possible that the farm is destroyed by a tomato because a tomato can't destroy a farm.
It is not possible that he is so famous that nobody has heard of him because to be famous is to be known by many people
It is not possible that he is so famous that nobody has heard of him because famous people are known by every one
It is not possible that he is so famous that nobody has heard of him because if he is so famous everyone should hear to talk about him
It is not possible that i like her songs because she is a good cook because singers can usually sing better
It is not possible that i like her songs because she is a good cook because because she is not cook , she is a singer
It is not possible that i like her songs because she is a good cook because a good cook may be a good singer also
It is not possible that there are many trees in the pond because trees don't grow in the pond
It is not possible that there are many trees in the pond because what are the best trees to plant around a pond
It is not possible that there are many trees in the pond because there are many plant in the pond
It is not possible that the moon is a planet of the solar system because the moon is the earth's natural satellite
It is not possible that the moon is a planet of the solar system because the moon is a natural satellite that orbits the earth, not a planet.
It is not possible that the moon is a planet of the solar system because the moon is the fifth-largest natural satellite in the solar system
It is not possible that we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline because power plants don't provide gasoline
It is not possible that we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline because power plant does not have gasoline.
It is not possible that we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline because a power plant does not sell gasoline
It is not possible that lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert because a cinema is not equipped for concerts
It is not possible that lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert because in cinema they wont have concert
It is not possible that lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert because concerts do not take place in movie theaters.
It is not possible that centigrade is a measure of acidity because acidity is usually measured by ph value
It is not possible that centigrade is a measure of acidity because centigrade is a measure of temperature.
It is not possible that centigrade is a measure of acidity because centigrade is not a measurement of acidity.
It is not possible that the ancients used a satellite as a guidance because satellites are contemporary inventions
It is not possible that the ancients used a satellite as a guidance because satellite is used by modern people
It is not possible that the ancients used a satellite as a guidance because the ancients not used a satellite as a guidance
It is not possible that the fire was caused by a glass of water because water puts out fire instead of causing it
It is not possible that the fire was caused by a glass of water because the fire was  not a caused by a glass of water
It is not possible that the fire was caused by a glass of water because water does not cause fires, helps turn them off
It is not possible that december is the 13th month of a year because there are only 12 months in a year
It is not possible that december is the 13th month of a year because there are only 12 months in a year.
It is not possible that december is the 13th month of a year because december is the 12th and last month of the year.
It is not possible that a prince is a piece used in the game of chess because no pieces are named after a prince
It is not possible that a prince is a piece used in the game of chess because game of chess doesn't have prince
It is not possible that a prince is a piece used in the game of chess because the game chess has no piece named prince.
It is not possible that maid is an important member of a family because a maid is a woman hired and working for a family
It is not possible that maid is an important member of a family because the maid is a member of staff, not a member of the family
It is not possible that maid is an important member of a family because a maid is an employee, not a family member.
It is not possible that he opens the door with a lock because a lock can only keep the door firmly closed
It is not possible that he opens the door with a lock because key is used to open the door
It is not possible that he opens the door with a lock because he opens the door with a key
It is not possible that a sea is a large body of sweet water because no sea water tastes sweet
It is not possible that a sea is a large body of sweet water because the sea contains salt, which is not sweet.
It is not possible that a sea is a large body of sweet water because sea water is salty
It is not possible that a rooster can lay eggs because male chicken doesn't lay eggs due to its biological structure
It is not possible that a rooster can lay eggs because rooster do not lay eggs.
It is not possible that a rooster can lay eggs because roosters are male and cannot lay eggs.
It is not possible that farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun because fungi prefer darkness and humidity better than sunshine
It is not possible that farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun because how much can a mushroom farmer make
It is not possible that farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun because mushrooms cannot be grown in direct sun
It is not possible that tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on valentine's day because carnations are mostly used on mother's day
It is not possible that tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on valentine's day because he should buy her roses for valentine's day.
It is not possible that tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on valentine's day because bunch of carnations is wrong, it should be bunch of flowers.
It is not possible that soup is best eaten with a fork because it is impossible to ladle soup with a fork
It is not possible that soup is best eaten with a fork because noodles only eaten fork
It is not possible that soup is best eaten with a fork because soup is best eaten with a fork
It is not possible that there are many fishes in the desert because fishes live in the water rather than sand
It is not possible that there are many fishes in the desert because fish can only live in water.
It is not possible that there are many fishes in the desert because fish live in water; the desert is dry and thus home to no fish.
It is not possible that i fly to paris to see the statue of liberty because the statue of liberty stands on an island in new york harbor
It is not possible that i fly to paris to see the statue of liberty because statue of liberty is in america
It is not possible that i fly to paris to see the statue of liberty because the statue of liberty is not in paris; it stands on liberty island in new york.
It is not possible that nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer because nissan is an automobile manufacturer and sells cars
It is not possible that nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer because nissan is a car manufacturer.
It is not possible that nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer because nissan makes cars.
It is not possible that food is stored in the pan because a pan is used for heating not for storage
It is not possible that food is stored in the pan because food can be stored in fridge not in pan
It is not possible that food is stored in the pan because a pan is for cooking food
It is not possible that the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass because normal glasses cannot reflect lights
It is not possible that the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass because glass can't reflect an object
It is not possible that the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass because may be cats moving around the glass
It is not possible that she goes traveling on weekdays because weekdays are days where people have to work
It is not possible that she goes traveling on weekdays because most people work on weekdays, so are not free to travel
It is not possible that she goes traveling on weekdays because people usually travel on weekends.
It is not possible that laughter is a sign of sorrow because people laugh when they are happy
It is not possible that laughter is a sign of sorrow because laughter is a sign of happiness.
It is not possible that laughter is a sign of sorrow because laughter is a sign of happiness.
It is not possible that mary sits at the closet and begins reading because a closet is used for storing things
It is not possible that mary sits at the closet and begins reading because usually reading can done only at a study table
It is not possible that mary sits at the closet and begins reading because people don't sit at the closet.
It is not possible that jim practices running on the bed every morning because bed is not suitable for running
It is not possible that jim practices running on the bed every morning because running practice can be done on the road.
It is not possible that jim practices running on the bed every morning because jim will practices running after getting up from bed
It is not possible that he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon because a ribbon is not firm enough and can only be used as decorations
It is not possible that he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon because ribbons are very weak to climb with
It is not possible that he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon because strong ropes iron cliffscare used to climb mountians
It is not possible that he opens a storybook and begins to cook because cooking has nothing to do with stories
It is not possible that he opens a storybook and begins to cook because cusine books and receipes are needed for cooking
It is not possible that he opens a storybook and begins to cook because we read storybook
It is not possible that i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor because chili powder tastes spicy rather than sweet
It is not possible that i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor because a chili powder is hot and cannot create a sweet flavor.
It is not possible that i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor because i don't put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor
It is not possible that bob looks up a word in a shopping list because shopping lists don't tell the meaning of words
It is not possible that bob looks up a word in a shopping list because a dictionary is used for looking up the spelling and meaning of words, not a shopping list.
It is not possible that bob looks up a word in a shopping list because shopping list bob looks up missing word
It is not possible that she begins working for relaxation because working can't make people feel relaxed
It is not possible that she begins working for relaxation because work is not usually relaxing
It is not possible that she begins working for relaxation because she begins working for earning to money
It is not possible that people usually work on sundays because sunday is part of a weekend which is conventionally seen as a holiday
It is not possible that people usually work on sundays because sunday is a holiday.
It is not possible that people usually work on sundays because people usually not  work on sundays
It is not possible that santa claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents because santa claus does not exist in reality
It is not possible that santa claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents because they children can't the parent so gift   the santa claus
It is not possible that santa claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents because santa claus will provide gifts to all without pretends.
It is not possible that he sells something to eat to the convenient store because convenient store sell things to customers rather than buy from them
It is not possible that he sells something to eat to the convenient store because he buys something to eat from the convenience store.
It is not possible that he sells something to eat to the convenient store because convenient stores sell, they do not buy from consumers.
It is not possible that he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride because killing people is not the right way to express gratitude
It is not possible that he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride because we use pleasing words for thanking
It is not possible that he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride because he tipped the driver to thank him for a free ride.
It is not possible that she feels ill and goes to see a teacher because teachers don't know how to treat illness
It is not possible that she feels ill and goes to see a teacher because a teacher does not cure illnesses but doctors.
It is not possible that she feels ill and goes to see a teacher because you would see a doctor not a teacher.
It is not possible that i buy a cd to listen to the latest advertisements because a cd is usually made to record songs
It is not possible that i buy a cd to listen to the latest advertisements because you buy cd to listen to latest music.
It is not possible that i buy a cd to listen to the latest advertisements because i buy a cd to listen to music.
It is not possible that it takes me 3 seconds to read the book because people can't read a book in 3 seconds yet
It is not possible that it takes me 3 seconds to read the book because no book could be read in 3 seconds
It is not possible that it takes me 3 seconds to read the book because books take more than three seconds to read.
It is not possible that he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet because he can't even get close to a cat otherwise he may die
It is not possible that he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet because can someone who is allergic to cats live with a cat
It is not possible that he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet because a person with an allergy to cats could not have a cat as a pet.
It is not possible that he runs faster than no one and wins the champion because a champion is usually awarded to the one who runs the fastest
It is not possible that he runs faster than no one and wins the champion because if he runs faster than all there is no other champion besides himself
It is not possible that he runs faster than no one and wins the champion because he'd run faster than everyone if he was to win.
It is not possible that i wear a belfry to be informed of the time because a belfry is a building and cannot be worn
It is not possible that i wear a belfry to be informed of the time because a belfry is a massive building.
It is not possible that i wear a belfry to be informed of the time because a belfry is part of a bell tower and may toll the time but it cannot be worn like a watch.
It is not possible that a plane beats its wings and flies off because a plane cannot beat its wings
It is not possible that a plane beats its wings and flies off because planes use engines for flight, not movement of the wings.
It is not possible that a plane beats its wings and flies off because a plane do not beat its wings to fly as it's not a living bird.
It is not possible that jim invites amy to dance in a pool because people don't dance in the water
It is not possible that jim invites amy to dance in a pool because only swimming can be done in a pool
It is not possible that jim invites amy to dance in a pool because it's almost impossible to dance in a pool.
It is not possible that people lived in houses made of wool in the past because wool is too soft to be made into houses
It is not possible that people lived in houses made of wool in the past because because their is no holloblocks in the past
It is not possible that people lived in houses made of wool in the past because they people not thing to anther way
It is not possible that it is rainy so they go camping because rainy days are inconvenient for camping
It is not possible that it is rainy so they go camping because we don't camping in rainy day.
It is not possible that it is rainy so they go camping because people don't go camping in rainy weather.
It is not possible that the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning because people are usually sleeping at 2 o'clock in the morning
It is not possible that the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning because meetings are usually held during the day, not in the middle of the night.
It is not possible that the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning because regular is strong for 2 am
It is not possible that heat the drink with some ice, please because ice has a lower temperature than normal drinks
It is not possible that heat the drink with some ice, please because maybe you want ice coffee
It is not possible that heat the drink with some ice, please because cool with drink with ice.
It is not possible that i eat apples because of my illness because an apple is not a cure for a disease
It is not possible that i eat apples because of my illness because we eat apple to stay healthy.
It is not possible that i eat apples because of my illness because i dont eat apples because of my illness
It is not possible that he catches a subway train in a bus stop because a subway train doesn't stop at a bus stop
It is not possible that he catches a subway train in a bus stop because in bus stop we dont have any subway train
It is not possible that he catches a subway train in a bus stop because a bus stop is for buses, not subways.
It is not possible that mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score because one can only get scores by answering questions the test paper asks
It is not possible that mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score because asking questions while attending a exam is not allowed
It is not possible that mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score because people are not allowed to ask questions to get the right answers during exams.
It is not possible that human beings shake tails to express their happiness because human beings don't have tails
It is not possible that human beings shake tails to express their happiness because dogs shake tails to express their happiness.
It is not possible that human beings shake tails to express their happiness because dog is shake tails to express their happiness.
It is not possible that he had his hair cut at the butcher's because a butcher doesn't do hair cuts
It is not possible that he had his hair cut at the butcher's because the butchers cuts meat and not hair.
It is not possible that he had his hair cut at the butcher's because he not cut hair in butcher's
It is not possible that i drink some glass because human beings cannot drink a glass
It is not possible that i drink some glass because i drink some water
It is not possible that i drink some glass because we can't drink glass
It is not possible that tim and mary got married on february 31st because february doesn't have 31 days
It is not possible that tim and mary got married on february 31st because there is no 31st in the month of february.
It is not possible that tim and mary got married on february 31st because february has only 28 days
It is not possible that she writes diaries in a magazine because magazines are not designed to be written in
It is not possible that she writes diaries in a magazine because diaries are private.
It is not possible that she writes diaries in a magazine because articles are written in a magazine, not diaries
It is not possible that the girl next to mary in the photo is her nephew because a nephew is a male relative
It is not possible that the girl next to mary in the photo is her nephew because a nephew is a male relation, so the girl cannot possibly be mary's nephew.
It is not possible that the girl next to mary in the photo is her nephew because girls cannot be nephews.
It is not possible that i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring because a diamond is an expensive jewel worthing far more than a dollar
It is not possible that i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring because diamonds are much more expensive than a dollar.
It is not possible that i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring because diamond rings cost thousands of dollars.
It is not possible that cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince because her stepmother and stepsisters treat her badly
It is not possible that cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince because cinderella was abused with her step family, she was not happy
It is not possible that cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince because cinderella lives a sad life before meeting the prince.
It is not possible that children take music classes in the gym because a gym is built for p.e. classes
It is not possible that children take music classes in the gym because children take music classes in music school
It is not possible that children take music classes in the gym because children can do exercise in the gym.
It is not possible that obama has served as president of the usa for twelve years because serving as president for over eight years is against the us constitution
It is not possible that obama has served as president of the usa for twelve years because obama has't served as president of the usa for twelve years
It is not possible that obama has served as president of the usa for twelve years because obama only served 8 years of presidency.
It is not possible that children like flying planes in the spring because children cannot get a license to fly a plane at their age
It is not possible that children like flying planes in the spring because children are not able or permitted to fly airplanes.
It is not possible that children like flying planes in the spring because children are not able to fly planes as it takes years of training
It is not possible that people must have a driver's license to travel abroad because traveling abroad doesn't mean one must know how to drive a car
It is not possible that people must have a driver's license to travel abroad because people need a passport to travel abroad.
It is not possible that people must have a driver's license to travel abroad because people should use passport for traveling other countries.
It is not possible that it is snowy and very hot outside because rain turns into snow only in cold days
It is not possible that it is snowy and very hot outside because a snowy weather would be cold and not hot
It is not possible that it is snowy and very hot outside because if it is snowy it can not be hot.
It is not possible that the car stops at the green light because you can go when traffic lights are green
It is not possible that the car stops at the green light because green light allows the car to "go"
It is not possible that the car stops at the green light because car stops at the red light.
It is not possible that people take off clothes when they feel cold because clothes are used to keep people warm
It is not possible that people take off clothes when they feel cold because when cold, people wear additional clothing; people take off clothes when they feel hot.
It is not possible that people take off clothes when they feel cold because that would make them colder.
It is not possible that trump was emperor of the usa in 2018 because the usa is not a monarchy
It is not possible that trump was emperor of the usa in 2018 because donald trump was voted in as democratic president of the usa, not as emperor.
It is not possible that trump was emperor of the usa in 2018 because the usa does not have emperors.
It is not possible that he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly because people use their ears to hear
It is not possible that he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly because because to hear something, we have to put radio near the ear not next to the mouth
It is not possible that he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly because to hear the radio more clearly, it should be placed next to his mouth, the organ of hearing, not his mouth.
It is not possible that he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages because vandalizing cultural heritages is against the law
It is not possible that he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages because it is a crime to vandalize cultural sites.
It is not possible that he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages because vandals are not honored.
It is not possible that i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell because shells are no longer used as money
It is not possible that i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell because toys are not bought with shells, and they are not used as shells.
It is not possible that i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell because toys are not using for shell.
It is not possible that they have to live in a mansion because of poverty because a mansion is too expensive for the poor to afford
It is not possible that they have to live in a mansion because of poverty because people in poverty do not live in mansions.
It is not possible that they have to live in a mansion because of poverty because mansions are very expensive places to live and poor people won't be able to afford them
It is not possible that it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition because the first is the best position to get
It is not possible that it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition because came first place in a challenge
It is not possible that it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition because being first in the competition will give you a wonderful feeling.
It is not possible that they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs because an air-raid shelter reinforces against bombing
It is not possible that they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs because they would go into an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs.
It is not possible that they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs because people go into air-raid shelters to protect themselves against bombs.
It is not possible that in the dark, i turn off the light to read a book because it makes reading much harder to turn off the light in the dark
It is not possible that in the dark, i turn off the light to read a book because in the bright, i turn off the light to read a book
It is not possible that in the dark, i turn off the light to read a book because in the dark, i turn on the light to read a book
It is not possible that they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other because c++ is for computer programming rather than interpersonal communications
It is not possible that they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other because i dont understand their communication
It is not possible that they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other because c++ is a computer language not a spoken language.
It is not possible that stephen william hawking was a great actor because his theory contributed greatly to cosmology
It is not possible that stephen william hawking was a great actor because he was a great scientist
It is not possible that stephen william hawking was a great actor because stephen hawking was actually a famous physicist not an actor
It is not possible that it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby because fathers cannot pregnant up to now
It is not possible that it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby because because men cannot give birth to babies.
It is not possible that it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby because fathers don't deliver babies, mothers do.
It is not possible that they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest because sleeping in a hotel cannot be called as camping
It is not possible that they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest because they sleep in a tent while camping in the forest.
It is not possible that they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest because camping involves sleeping in a tent, which is a temporary structure, unlike a hotel which is a permanent solid structure.
It is not possible that i water my mp3 player two times a week because an mp3 player will be damaged after been watered
It is not possible that i water my mp3 player two times a week because watering an mp3 player would damage or ruin it.
It is not possible that i water my mp3 player two times a week because you don't need to water an mp3 player.
It is not possible that mongolia is mass surrounded by water because mongolia is a landlocked country
It is not possible that mongolia is mass surrounded by water because mongolia is not surrounded by water
It is not possible that mongolia is mass surrounded by water because mongolia is a landlocked country.
It is not possible that she wears clothes because of nearsightedness because clothes cannot help to correct myopia
It is not possible that she wears clothes because of nearsightedness because nearsighted persons wear spectacles
It is not possible that she wears clothes because of nearsightedness because clothes are worn to protect us from heat and cold
It is not possible that tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen because socks cannot ensure the safety of a bike
It is not possible that tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen because a socks doesn't protect from theft
It is not possible that tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen because a pair of socks will not be strong enough to secure a bicycle and prevent it being stolen.
It is not possible that the cook treats his patients carefully because cook doesn't treat illness
It is not possible that the cook treats his patients carefully because the cook treats his patients carefully
It is not possible that the cook treats his patients carefully because cooks doesn't have patients.
It is not possible that the titanic struck a life buoy and sank because a life buoy cannot damage the titanic
It is not possible that the titanic struck a life buoy and sank because the titanic sank after striking an iceberg, not a life buoy.
It is not possible that the titanic struck a life buoy and sank because titanic struck a glacier and sunk.
It is not possible that he paints the ceiling with cola because cola cannot color the ceiling
It is not possible that he paints the ceiling with cola because he paints the ceiling with paint.
It is not possible that he paints the ceiling with cola because cola is not used or suitable for painting
It is not possible that she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day because people usually don't write to people they meet frequently
It is not possible that she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day because normally you write to a pen pal that you have never met in person (someone far away) or someone you do not see often.
It is not possible that she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day because you don't write to a person you see everyday.
It is not possible that a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad because a fresh lemon also tastes sour
It is not possible that a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad because a lemon tastes sour when it is fresh.
It is not possible that a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad because a lemon taste sour when it is in a good condition.
It is not possible that pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on because pumpkins are not big enough in reality
It is not possible that pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on because the pumpkin coach was a carriage made for cinderella
It is not possible that pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on because pumpkins can't be made into carriages for people to ride on
It is not possible that she is cut by a carpet accidentally because a carpet is too soft to even hurt people
It is not possible that she is cut by a carpet accidentally because carpets are soft and can't cut you.
It is not possible that she is cut by a carpet accidentally because carpets are too soft
It is not possible that i use pencils to cut paper cuts because pencils are not sharp enough to cut papers
It is not possible that i use pencils to cut paper cuts because pencils are not for cutting
It is not possible that i use pencils to cut paper cuts because papers can be cut by scissors.
It is not possible that people burnt ice for warmth th the past because ice is nonflammable
It is not possible that people burnt ice for warmth th the past because ice cannot be burnt
It is not possible that people burnt ice for warmth th the past because people burned coal and wood for warmth in the past.
It is not possible that tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up because chocolates is more commonly seen as an expression of love
It is not possible that tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up because chocolates are  used for  making someone happy.
It is not possible that tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up because tony gives his girlfriend  to break up chocolates
It is not possible that she brings a scarf because of the rain because a scarf cannot protect people from the rain
It is not possible that she brings a scarf because of the rain because a scarf does not protect from rain and thus serves no purpose in the rain.
It is not possible that she brings a scarf because of the rain because she should bring a umbrella because of rain.
It is not possible that i will pick you up on the cd disk because cd disks are not a place for persons to stay
It is not possible that i will pick you up on the cd disk because a person cannot be picked up on a cd.
It is not possible that i will pick you up on the cd disk because a cd disk is far too small to lift someone up on
It is not possible that we had lunch together on march 33rd because there aren't 33 days in march
It is not possible that we had lunch together on march 33rd because because the family fantion
It is not possible that we had lunch together on march 33rd because march has only 31 days
It is not possible that he practices running on noodles every morning because noodles are not for running
It is not possible that he practices running on noodles every morning because he practices running on ground every morning
It is not possible that he practices running on noodles every morning because he eats noodles and goes for running
It is not possible that the dog sits there without even a mew because mew is a sound a cat makes
It is not possible that the dog sits there without even a mew because dog's bark, not mew.
It is not possible that the dog sits there without even a mew because dogs do not mew
It is not possible that he walks in from the wall because people cannot walk through a wall
It is not possible that he walks in from the wall because you can't walk in from a wall.
It is not possible that he walks in from the wall because he walks in from the street
It is not possible that she rides a chair to work because chairs are not a form of transportation
It is not possible that she rides a chair to work because she is sitting a chair to work
It is not possible that she rides a chair to work because chair is for sitting not riding.
It is not possible that he writes his homework on the dew because you cannot write on the dew
It is not possible that he writes his homework on the dew because dew cannot be written on.
It is not possible that he writes his homework on the dew because it is not possible to write on dew, which is basically a small amount of water.
It is not possible that a rabbit likes eating meat because a rabbit is a herbivorous
It is not possible that a rabbit likes eating meat because a rabbit likes eating vegetables
It is not possible that a rabbit likes eating meat because a rabbit are likes eating a vegetable / fruits . meat is not vegetable
It is not possible that the lake will be frozen in summer because the temperature in summer is above the freezing point
It is not possible that the lake will be frozen in summer because the lake will be frozen in winter
It is not possible that the lake will be frozen in summer because the lake will be frozen in winter.
It is not possible that she washes her computer with warm water because computers break when being washed with water
It is not possible that she washes her computer with warm water because a computer, like anything electronic, will probably break if you get it wet
It is not possible that she washes her computer with warm water because most of your clothes can be washed in warm water. it offers good cleaning without significant fading or shrinking. when to use cold water  for dark or bright colors that bleed or delicate fabrics, use cold water (80 f). cold water also saves energy, so it is a good choice if you want to be eco-friendly.
It is not possible that i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks because chopsticks have not got cutter edges
It is not possible that i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks because i cut a piece of cloth with scissors
It is not possible that i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks because because chopsticks can't cut anything.
It is not possible that i am preparing for the trip yesterday because no one can prepare for yesterday
It is not possible that i am preparing for the trip yesterday because we can prepare for trip tomorrow.
It is not possible that i am preparing for the trip yesterday because yesterday they went to the trip.
It is not possible that i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple because traffic lights don't have the color of purple
It is not possible that i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple because i begin walking as soon as the light turns blue
It is not possible that i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple because i begin walking as soon as the light turns green.
It is not possible that i drink coke with a chopstick because chopsticks are not designed for liquid
It is not possible that i drink coke with a chopstick because the chopstick is used for take food and eat . the coke an drink
It is not possible that i drink coke with a chopstick because a chopstick is not a straw.
It is not possible that the knitting wool enjoys playing cats because the knitting wool is not a living creature
It is not possible that the knitting wool enjoys playing cats because cats are enjoyed by playing knitting wools
It is not possible that the knitting wool enjoys playing cats because wool is incapable of playing.
It is not possible that she takes attractive selfies with her headphone because headphones aren't equipped with cameras
It is not possible that she takes attractive selfies with her headphone because selfies are taken with a smart phone
It is not possible that she takes attractive selfies with her headphone because pictures cannot be taken with a headphone.
It is not possible that i buy a boyfriend for my sister because people cannot be purchased
It is not possible that i buy a boyfriend for my sister because it is uncommon to purchase relationships
It is not possible that i buy a boyfriend for my sister because boyfriends come through loving each other
It is not possible that his father got excited because he failed the math exam because parents will get angry if their son or daughter fails the exam
It is not possible that his father got excited because he failed the math exam because failing a maths exam would upset most parents
It is not possible that his father got excited because he failed the math exam because failed the math exam is not a good news.
It is not possible that i go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned because museums are places for exhibiting famous paintings and precious artifacts
It is not possible that i go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned because clothes are cleaned in the laundry
It is not possible that i go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned because because people go to the laundromat to wash clothes.
It is not possible that bob bought chocolate for his enemy on valentine's day because people buy gifts for their loved ones instead of hated ones on valentine's day
It is not possible that bob bought chocolate for his enemy on valentine's day because valentines day, and the gift of chocolate, are to celebrate a loved one, not an enemy.
It is not possible that bob bought chocolate for his enemy on valentine's day because bob bought chocolate for his significant other on valentine's day.
It is not possible that french fries are made of oranges because oranges can't be used to make french fries
It is not possible that french fries are made of oranges because french fries can also be made of oranges
It is not possible that french fries are made of oranges because potatoes are used for french fries
It is not possible that mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings because there's no oxygen and liquid water on mars, which are necessities for human beings
It is not possible that mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings because earth is most suitable for humans, not mars.
It is not possible that mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings because earth is the best habitat for human beings.
It is not possible that harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket because the basket is usually higher than a human and stooping down will make harry lower instead of higher
It is not possible that harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket because harry jumps up to throw the basketball into the basket.
It is not possible that harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket because a player would need to jump up to make a basket.
It is not possible that i'm thirsty so i drink seawater because a human cannot drink seawater directly
It is not possible that i'm thirsty so i drink seawater because salt water dehydrates.
It is not possible that i'm thirsty so i drink seawater because no one can drink sea water because its too much salty.
It is not possible that alice is running on the sea because a human cannot run on water like sea
It is not possible that alice is running on the sea because you can only run on land or a hard surface.
It is not possible that alice is running on the sea because sea is running in alice
It is not possible that bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers because hurting fingers will cause pain instead of delight
It is not possible that bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers because if he hurts his finger means he looks painful
It is not possible that bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers because anyone looks painful when hurts
It is not possible that maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air because fresh air usually will not cause coughing
It is not possible that maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air because maria didn't coughs when she breathes in fresh air
It is not possible that maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air because breathing in fresh air would help eliminate coughing.
It is not possible that african lions enjoy eating grass because lions are carnivorous, so they eat meat instead of grass
It is not possible that african lions enjoy eating grass because lions are carnivores and enjoy eating meat.
It is not possible that african lions enjoy eating grass because lions are not eat grass.
It is not possible that i graduated from college at the age of 3 because three-year-olds are too young to go to college
It is not possible that i graduated from college at the age of 3 because i graduated from college at the age of 21
It is not possible that i graduated from college at the age of 3 because people usually graduate from college at the age of 22.
It is not possible that bears stay underwater during hibernation because bears will drown and die if hibernate underwater
It is not possible that bears stay underwater during hibernation because bears cannot survive underwater.
It is not possible that bears stay underwater during hibernation because bears stay in dens during hibernation.
It is not possible that alice go to the bathroom for repletion because there's no food in the bathroom
It is not possible that alice go to the bathroom for repletion because you cannot go to the bathroom for repletion.
It is not possible that alice go to the bathroom for repletion because alice go to the dressingroom for repletion
It is not possible that i went underwater and took a deep breath because a human will drown if breathing underwater
It is not possible that i went underwater and took a deep breath because a deep breath cannot be taken underwater.
It is not possible that i went underwater and took a deep breath because brething cannot be done in under water
It is not possible that dogs can feed blood to their young ones because blood is not a type of food for young dogs
It is not possible that dogs can feed blood to their young ones because dogs can  feed milk to their young ones
It is not possible that dogs can feed blood to their young ones because dogs are mammals and they feed milk to young ones
It is not possible that frank goes to the bank to save people because you don't save people in a bank, instead you put money into your bank account
It is not possible that frank goes to the bank to save people because you can only save money in the bank.
It is not possible that frank goes to the bank to save people because iinto the bank we save money, not people.
It is not possible that jack can read books before learning basic words because human can understand books only after grasping basic words
It is not possible that jack can read books before learning basic words because by assuming words jack can read book
It is not possible that jack can read books before learning basic words because basic words need to be learned before one can read.
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because kites need the power of wind to fly
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because you need wind to fly a kite.
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because kites only flies with the wind.
It is not possible that students like it when teachers let them go later because longer school time leads to more homework and less free time
It is not possible that students like it when teachers let them go later because students will get irritated if they let to go late
It is not possible that students like it when teachers let them go later because children hate leaving school late
It is not possible that the big hand on a watch shows the day because a day is too long to be shown by hand on watches
It is not possible that the big hand on a watch shows the day because watch hands tell the time, not the date
It is not possible that the big hand on a watch shows the day because a watch displays time, not the day of the week.
It is not possible that he maintained balance and fell to the ground because when people maintain the balance they will stay still
It is not possible that he maintained balance and fell to the ground because because if he maintained balance he would not have fallen
It is not possible that he maintained balance and fell to the ground because people don't fall when they maintain their balance.
It is not possible that he bought his new coat at the grocery store because a coat is not sold in grocery stores
It is not possible that he bought his new coat at the grocery store because grocery stores do not sell coats.
It is not possible that he bought his new coat at the grocery store because a coat is not groceries
It is not possible that the traffic light turned white from red because white is not a color of traffic lights
It is not possible that the traffic light turned white from red because no traffic signal in the world has white light
It is not possible that the traffic light turned white from red because traffic lights don't have white lights.
It is not possible that she smells terrible after a shower because when people have a shower they wish to have a better smell
It is not possible that she smells terrible after a shower because she has to smell good as she finished her bath.
It is not possible that she smells terrible after a shower because a shower is supposed to clean you so you don't smell bad
It is not possible that he put on a t-shirt and go skiing because a t-shirt is too thin to withstand skiing weather
It is not possible that he put on a t-shirt and go skiing because a t-shirt is not warm enough to ski in!
It is not possible that he put on a t-shirt and go skiing because skiing is cold, requiring more than just a t-shirt
It is not possible that he received many complaints at his birthday party because complaints annoy people, which should not happen at a birthday party
It is not possible that he received many complaints at his birthday party because yoy receive praise on your birthday
It is not possible that he received many complaints at his birthday party because he received many gifts at his birthday party
It is not possible that he surfed the sea to check his email because checking email requires an internet connection
It is not possible that he surfed the sea to check his email because the sea has nothing to do with checking email.
It is not possible that he surfed the sea to check his email because internet connections are pretty hard to find in the sea.
It is not possible that i gave him some review on his future career because to review is to look back and summary
It is not possible that i gave him some review on his future career because you cannot review the future because it has not happened yet.
It is not possible that i gave him some review on his future career because can't review something that hasn't happened
It is not possible that she planted a tree in her bedroom because a bedroom can be too small for a tree to grow
It is not possible that she planted a tree in her bedroom because a tree should not be planted in the bedroom because it is not the place to grow trees.
It is not possible that she planted a tree in her bedroom because trees do not grow inside buildings
It is not possible that the policeman put the witness in jail because jail is for those who violate the law and witness identifies those who violate the law
It is not possible that the policeman put the witness in jail because witnesses don't go to jail
It is not possible that the policeman put the witness in jail because witnesses are not involved with the crime and are thus never jailed
It is not possible that he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks because blank has nothing on it so it can't be crossed out
It is not possible that he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks because there is nothing to cross out in a blank.
It is not possible that he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks because there is nothing to cross out if there are blanks.
It is not possible that the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land because turtles breed by laying eggs and protect them
It is not possible that the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land because turtle will lay eggs in nest not in land
It is not possible that the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land because the turtle protected the eggs it laid.
It is not possible that the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster because wind can't be controlled by human beings
It is not possible that the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster because it is impossible for humans to adjust wind speed
It is not possible that the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster because you can not control the wind
It is not possible that he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke because to smoke the cigarette needs to keep burning
It is not possible that he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke because you need a lit cigarette to smoke
It is not possible that he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke because you ignite the cigarette to smoke not extinguish it.
It is not possible that the bride got a bouquet after the wedding because brides use bouquet to pass their luck to bridesmaids
It is not possible that the bride got a bouquet after the wedding because the bride is married and would not need a bouqet as that is traditionally given away.
It is not possible that the bride got a bouquet after the wedding because bouquet should be given in the wedding
It is not possible that she put her earrings back to the seasoning box because seasoning box is for seasoning but not earrings
It is not possible that she put her earrings back to the seasoning box because they go in a jewelry box
It is not possible that she put her earrings back to the seasoning box because earrings don't belong in a seasoning box
It is not possible that a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly because meal break is the only time when workers are allowed to eat
It is not possible that a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly because if you only have a short break you would want to eat quickly to finish in time.
It is not possible that a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly because you don't eat slowly if you are having a short lunch break
It is not possible that every time i wrote a reply when he received my letter because usually the one receives the letter write the reply
It is not possible that every time i wrote a reply when he received my letter because you can't reply before having an answer
It is not possible that every time i wrote a reply when he received my letter because every time he has to reply for your letter because you wrote the letter not himself.
It is not possible that they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage because people usually don't marry the one they are not satisfied with
It is not possible that they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage because wouldn't marry if not satisfied with each other
It is not possible that they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage because if you don't like each other you don't get married
It is not possible that the waiter gave him a bill to order food because bill shows the dishes that have been ordered
It is not possible that the waiter gave him a bill to order food because the waiter gave him a paper to order food
It is not possible that the waiter gave him a bill to order food because you can't get a bill before ordering
It is not possible that he lit a torch to see in the daytime because there's sunlight in the daytime so a torch is of no use
It is not possible that he lit a torch to see in the daytime because day time sun light is there no need of torch
It is not possible that he lit a torch to see in the daytime because you don't need a torch in the daytime
It is not possible that i put all my stuff in the drawer to travel because drawer is too small and inconvenient to carry around
It is not possible that i put all my stuff in the drawer to travel because drawers are used for long term storage of stuff
It is not possible that i put all my stuff in the drawer to travel because people use suitcases to carry travel stuff.
It is not possible that he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair because blow dryer is of no use to dry hair
It is not possible that he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair because blowing dryer is the process which is taken after washing hair.
It is not possible that he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair because no need to use blow on dry hair. he first wash hair and then blow it.
It is not possible that he used chopsticks to eat soup because soup is liquid but chopsticks are used for solid food
It is not possible that he used chopsticks to eat soup because chopsticks aren't able to hold any liquid.
It is not possible that he used chopsticks to eat soup because soup is liquid in form
It is not possible that dvd can be used to search for information because dvd is a storage medium that has no function of searching
It is not possible that dvd can be used to search for information because dvd can be used watching movie
It is not possible that dvd can be used to search for information because you can only watch a dvd
It is not possible that i ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow because watermelon has red juice
It is not possible that i ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow because a watermelon can turn teeth red
It is not possible that i ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow because there is nothing yellow in a watermelon so there is no yellow color to stain your teeth
It is not possible that she took off socks and washed her hands because socks are for feet
It is not possible that she took off socks and washed her hands because she didn't need to take her socks off to clean her hands
It is not possible that she took off socks and washed her hands because you don't need to remove your socks to wash your hands.
It is not possible that the cow jumped over the moon and escaped because cows can't jump as high as the size of the moon
It is not possible that the cow jumped over the moon and escaped because cows cannot jump over the moon
It is not possible that the cow jumped over the moon and escaped because it's impossible for a cow to jump that high.
It is not possible that he left her a lot of bills in his will because people leave valuable things in their will
It is not possible that he left her a lot of bills in his will because bills is very important for account please kept the bills
It is not possible that he left her a lot of bills in his will because a will contains assets not dues.
It is not possible that the little girl squatted and rang the bell because a bell is usually high on the door and difficult for a girl to reach
It is not possible that the little girl squatted and rang the bell because doorbells aren't down low
It is not possible that the little girl squatted and rang the bell because by squatting she can't rang the bell
It is not possible that he stretched out on the economy class of the flight because economy class is the cheapest with no enough space to stretch out
It is not possible that he stretched out on the economy class of the flight because there is no possibilities to stretch out in economy class
It is not possible that he stretched out on the economy class of the flight because economy class seats have small legspace
It is not possible that he walked through the railway to another room because the railway connects rail stations
It is not possible that he walked through the railway to another room because railways are not inside.
It is not possible that he walked through the railway to another room because you can not walk through a railway otherwise you will be hit by a train.
It is not possible that the ground was covered with sugar overnight because sugar don't fall from the sky
It is not possible that the ground was covered with sugar overnight because sugar will atract insects can't be kept in ground
It is not possible that the ground was covered with sugar overnight because sugar is not an element of weather and would not fall outside overnight.
It is not possible that the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table because a garden is too big to be put on a table
It is not possible that the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table because table is too small to keep the garden of flowers in its middle.
It is not possible that the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table because gardens do not grow in the middle of tables; they grow outside.
It is not possible that tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday because a job interview is a serious occasion and pajamas are too casual
It is not possible that tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday because pajamas are way too casual and not professional enough for a job interview.
It is not possible that tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday because for interview everyone wear formals, not pajamas
It is not possible that she put the guitar on the top of the mountain because the mountain is not a proper place to put a guitar
It is not possible that she put the guitar on the top of the mountain because guitars don't go on mountains
It is not possible that she put the guitar on the top of the mountain because mountains are too tall to put anything there
It is not possible that he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep because sleeping pills help you sleep quickly
It is not possible that he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep because sleeping pills are supposed to make you fall asleep.
It is not possible that he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep because sleeping pill make you fall asleep so you would not take them if you want to stay awake.
It is not possible that atlantic is the biggest continent in the world because atlantic is an ocean instead of a continent
It is not possible that atlantic is the biggest continent in the world because the atlantic is an ocean, not a continent.
It is not possible that atlantic is the biggest continent in the world because atlantic isn't a continent.
It is not possible that her new song was popular on the theater screen because a theater doesn't play a song
It is not possible that her new song was popular on the theater screen because no song will be played on theater screen
It is not possible that her new song was popular on the theater screen because songs are not shown in theaters.
It is not possible that it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming because each day doesn't start at 6 o'clock
It is not possible that it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming because it is 6 o'clock twice a day, every day even when the new year is not close.
It is not possible that it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming because new year's is at midnight
It is not possible that the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree because nests on the ground will be easily damaged
It is not possible that the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree because birds build nests high up on trees
It is not possible that the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree because birds always build nest in branches of a tree to protect the nest.
It is not possible that she turned on the radio and the room became bright because a radio can't emit light
It is not possible that she turned on the radio and the room became bright because radios do not emit light.
It is not possible that she turned on the radio and the room became bright because turning on a radio emits sound
It is not possible that he used a surfboard to surf the internet because the internet is virtual so it can't be surfed with a surfboard
It is not possible that he used a surfboard to surf the internet because a surfboard is used to surf in the ocean,not on the internet.
It is not possible that he used a surfboard to surf the internet because surfboard are used in boating that can't be used  in internet
It is not possible that he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down because an accelerator is a device to speed the car up
It is not possible that he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down because to slow down the car, use a brake
It is not possible that he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down because the accelerator gives speed
It is not possible that i remember they built a snowman last summer because to build a snowman people need snow, which won't occur in summer
It is not possible that i remember they built a snowman last summer because no one can built a snowman in summer
It is not possible that i remember they built a snowman last summer because i doesn't snow in the summer in north america.
It is not possible that he found he had more money after he paid the bill because paying the bill uses his money so he can't have more
It is not possible that he found he had more money after he paid the bill because you can't have more money after paying money.
It is not possible that he found he had more money after he paid the bill because he has less money after paying the bill.
It is not possible that she walked to the gas station to refuel her car because people refuel the oil tank in the car so the car needs to be driven to the gas station
It is not possible that she walked to the gas station to refuel her car because you need your car to refuel it.
It is not possible that she walked to the gas station to refuel her car because refueling car can be done taking car not by walk
It is not possible that after one day of exercise he became strong because the condition of strong requires a long time to achieve
It is not possible that after one day of exercise he became strong because we have to do exercise for longer days to become strong
It is not possible that after one day of exercise he became strong because it usually takes way more than one day of rigorous exercise to truly become strong(er).
It is not possible that he folded his umbrella when it started to rain because when umbrellas are folded they don't provide shelter from the rain
It is not possible that he folded his umbrella when it started to rain because you should open your umbrella when it rains.
It is not possible that he folded his umbrella when it started to rain because he has to open his umbrella beacuse it starts raining.
It is not possible that she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food because vegetarians also need food to live
It is not possible that she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food because vegetarians eat plenty of food, just not meat products.
It is not possible that she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food because vegetarians refuse non veg foods not foods
It is not possible that he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there because cola is a kind of drink and has nothing to do with the power of a car
It is not possible that he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there because if he is driving why would he walk
It is not possible that he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there because cola is not a valid fuel for cars.
It is not possible that mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft because a pilot is usually not in charge of the assembling work
It is not possible that mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft because a pilot fly an aircraft, they don't assembled them
It is not possible that mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft because pilots fly planes but they do not assemble them.
It is not possible that jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper because a finger doesn't contain any color ink
It is not possible that jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper because a finger is not a writing instrument.
It is not possible that jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper because a finger is not a writing utensil.
It is not possible that the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse because businessmen are not good at catching a mouse especially at the airport
It is not possible that the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse because he wasn't needed
It is not possible that the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse because you catch a plane at the airport, not mice
It is not possible that he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet because feet aren't at the end of your arms
It is not possible that he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet because everyone use arms to caught the ball
It is not possible that he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet because there are not feet at the end of arms.
It is not possible that the difference between the twins' birth time is one day because a pair of twins are delivered one by one closely and a day is too long
It is not possible that the difference between the twins' birth time is one day because twins are born on the same day.
It is not possible that the difference between the twins' birth time is one day because it would be extremely rare, if not impossible for twins to be born a day apart.
It is not possible that he found enough evidence to commit a crime because evidence are not used to commit a crime
It is not possible that he found enough evidence to commit a crime because evidence is found after the crime has been committed.
It is not possible that he found enough evidence to commit a crime because you don't need evidence to commit a crime.
It is not possible that jim cut his finger with the soap because soap is not sharp enough to cut one's finger
It is not possible that jim cut his finger with the soap because soap can not cut anything.
It is not possible that jim cut his finger with the soap because soap is soft with round edges
It is not possible that tina told her dog to clean the apartment because a dog isn't good at cleaning an apartment
It is not possible that tina told her dog to clean the apartment because dogs can't clean it's a animal
It is not possible that tina told her dog to clean the apartment because dogs aren't able to clean.
It is not possible that jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic because garlic will cause bad breath after people eat it
It is not possible that jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic because eating garlic makes the breath worse
It is not possible that jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic because garlic is not the only factor for having a bad breath, poor dental hygiene, oral infections and dental problems are the major factors for having a bad breath.
It is not possible that susan cleaned her room and she had more trash because to clean a room is to sweep the dirt and get rid of trash
It is not possible that susan cleaned her room and she had more trash because she cleaned the room, so she removed trash, she can't have more trash in the end
It is not possible that susan cleaned her room and she had more trash because cleaning a room will reduce trash.
It is not possible that he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant because hot pot is not served as fast food
It is not possible that he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant because hot pot is chinese and there are no fast food chinese places
It is not possible that he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant because can't eat a pot
It is not possible that he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat because a gym doesn't serve any food and people eat before they work out
It is not possible that he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat because you don't go to the gym to eat
It is not possible that he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat because gym's do not serve food
It is not possible that he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home because a dog and a mouse don't infringe each other
It is not possible that he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home because dogs don't hunt mice, cats do
It is not possible that he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home because dogs don't catch mice
It is not possible that as a geographer he created the earth's surface because earth is created through billions of years
It is not possible that as a geographer he created the earth's surface because because people think that god created everything
It is not possible that as a geographer he created the earth's surface because its not logical, as he surveys what is already there, not create it
It is not possible that joe stole some money from his own pocket because to take money from one's own pocket is not stealing
It is not possible that joe stole some money from his own pocket because money in his own pocket is his own property
It is not possible that joe stole some money from his own pocket because you cant steal your own money
It is not possible that the child looked down to find stars in the sky because for a people on earth the stars are above our eye level
It is not possible that the child looked down to find stars in the sky because stars are in the sky and you must look up.
It is not possible that the child looked down to find stars in the sky because the sky is up, therefore looking down is against common sense.
It is not possible that he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun because doctors helped us when we are in mental or physical illness
It is not possible that he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun because he felt like suiciding the doctor won't give him gun
It is not possible that he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun because a doctor saves lives.
It is not possible that tom watched fictions on magazines because fictions are published on books
It is not possible that tom watched fictions on magazines because you don't watch magazines, you read them.
It is not possible that tom watched fictions on magazines because you cannot 'watch' magazines; you can only read them.
It is not possible that john got up early to take a good rest because to take a good rest one should sleep long enough
It is not possible that john got up early to take a good rest because can't get a good rest if not sleeping
It is not possible that john got up early to take a good rest because getting up early is the opposite of getting rest.
It is not possible that susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call because if a phone is disconnected it will not ring
It is not possible that susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call because phone won't work being disconnected
It is not possible that susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call because if your phone is disconnected another call cannot come through.
It is not possible that she bent her eyebrows to jump up because people use their leg to jump up, not their eyebrows
It is not possible that she bent her eyebrows to jump up because no need to bent eyebrows for jump up
It is not possible that she bent her eyebrows to jump up because eyebrows are not used to jump
It is not possible that anne dropped a waterfall on the floor because a waterfall falls from the cliff of a mountain
It is not possible that anne dropped a waterfall on the floor because a waterfall is not an object that you can hold.
It is not possible that anne dropped a waterfall on the floor because you can't hold a waterfall in your hand
It is not possible that the experienced singer captain the ship because a singer doesn't know how to lead on a ship
It is not possible that the experienced singer captain the ship because singing has nothing to do with captaining a ship .
It is not possible that the experienced singer captain the ship because a singer is not a captain and would not  helm a ship.
It is not possible that he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell because a magnifier isn't accurate enough to observe a cell
It is not possible that he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell because a magnifying glass does not have enough power to focus on a single cell.
It is not possible that he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell because cell can be observed through only microscope not magnifier
It is not possible that he put on his shoes to see well enough because shoes are worn on the feet and have nothing to do with eyes
It is not possible that he put on his shoes to see well enough because shoes are worn on the feet and don't have any relationship to how well or poorly a person can see.
It is not possible that he put on his shoes to see well enough because shoes do not help you see.
It is not possible that josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach because seashell isn't big enough for josh to step into
It is not possible that josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach because you don't step into seashells.
It is not possible that josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach because seashells are typically very small, so stepping onto one is more likely than into one
It is not possible that he walked barefoot over broken glass because if people walk barefoot they are fragile to sharp things
It is not possible that he walked barefoot over broken glass because walking barefoot over glass would be very painful
It is not possible that he walked barefoot over broken glass because bare feet over broken glass causes injury
It is not possible that jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises because people can talk or keep silent when they do some exercises
It is not possible that jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises because there is no reason that talking an exercise cannot go together.
It is not possible that jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises because it does not matter if you shut up or talk while you exercise.
It is not possible that he received a degree from his family because a degree is granted from a professional institution and family is not one
It is not possible that he received a degree from his family because people receive degrees from universities
It is not possible that he received a degree from his family because you receive a degree from a college
It is not possible that james liked his car for a long time everyday because the emotion of like doesn't have an accurate time period
It is not possible that james liked his car for a long time everyday because everyday are the car to long time
It is not possible that james liked his car for a long time everyday because you don't like cars
It is not possible that tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle because drakes don't provide friction to stop the wheels
It is not possible that tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle because drakes aren't used on bikes
It is not possible that tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle because a drake is a type of lizard and not commonly found on bicycles
It is not possible that she found eagles at the bottom of the sea because eagles are birds that can't live in the sea
It is not possible that she found eagles at the bottom of the sea because eagles are flying in the sky
It is not possible that she found eagles at the bottom of the sea because eagles cannot live at the bootom of the sea.
It is not possible that he used his id card to pay the bill because id card's only value is to identify someone
It is not possible that he used his id card to pay the bill because i'd card is used for identity purpose by that we can't pay bills
It is not possible that he used his id card to pay the bill because id cards can't pay bills
It is not possible that he is the first man born on the moon because environment on the moon is not suitable for the human being to live
It is not possible that he is the first man born on the moon because nobody has been born on the moon.
It is not possible that he is the first man born on the moon because no one has ever been born on the moon
It is not possible that joe slept on a banana peel because a banana peel is too small for a person to sleep on
It is not possible that joe slept on a banana peel because banana peel is too small to sleep.
It is not possible that joe slept on a banana peel because people do not sleep on trash
It is not possible that the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast because banana is a fruit grown on banana tree
It is not possible that the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast because bananas don't come from breasts
It is not possible that the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast because from mothers breast only milk will come
It is not possible that carrots make rabbits sick because rabbits eat carrots as their major food
It is not possible that carrots make rabbits sick because rabbits love eating carrots and nobody likes eating food that makes them sick.
It is not possible that carrots make rabbits sick because rabbits like carrots as food
It is not possible that josh thought of an idea and wrote a history because history must have happened rather than
It is not possible that josh thought of an idea and wrote a history because can't write a history of an idea
It is not possible that josh thought of an idea and wrote a history because an idea is a short and immediate thing
It is not possible that jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket because driving too fast is dangerous and always punished
It is not possible that jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket because if you drive fast you would get a speeding ticket
It is not possible that jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket because why should she drive fast even she got tickets
It is not possible that jack ignored his sick friend to check on her because to check on someone one ill must contact him/her
It is not possible that jack ignored his sick friend to check on her because the sick friend is male.
It is not possible that jack ignored his sick friend to check on her because you cannot ignore someone and check on them at the same time.
It is not possible that he got punished by the boss because of his hard work because people who work hard shouldn't be punished
It is not possible that he got punished by the boss because of his hard work because he was rewarded by the boss for his hard work.
It is not possible that he got punished by the boss because of his hard work because hard work would not be punished.
It is not possible that a boat floated in the bowl because a bowl is too small for a boat to float
It is not possible that a boat floated in the bowl because a boat will float only in water bodies
It is not possible that a boat floated in the bowl because boats are too large to fit into a bowl.
It is not possible that fred turned up the capacity of the radio because a radio can't hold other things
It is not possible that fred turned up the capacity of the radio because radios have no capacity
It is not possible that fred turned up the capacity of the radio because capacity is generally used to describe physical quantity, not volume.
It is not possible that alex drove the van into the lake because a van can't run on a lake
It is not possible that alex drove the van into the lake because vans are not made to drive in deep water.
It is not possible that alex drove the van into the lake because it can happem but usually doesn't
It is not possible that frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop because jewelry are not sold in a grocery shop and they are not sold in a can
It is not possible that frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop because jewelry can't be bought in can from grocery shop
It is not possible that frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop because no one sells canned jewelry
It is not possible that mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party because a dancing party is not a good place to show off one's watch
It is not possible that mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party because no one cares about a watch at a dancing party.
It is not possible that mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party because pretty watch no use for dance party
It is not possible that tom fell and broke his heart because breaking one's heart is about emotion
It is not possible that tom fell and broke his heart because when someone falls they can land on different parts of their body and the heart is protected by the sternum/rib cage so the heart would generally be protected but maybe not the bones.
It is not possible that tom fell and broke his heart because breaking your heart is more of an emotional thing that happens; it can't physically break the way described here.
It is not possible that he ate his chopsticks with chop suey because chop suey is a dish while chopsticks are tools to eat
It is not possible that he ate his chopsticks with chop suey because chopsticks are utensils for eating food, and are not to be eaten.
It is not possible that he ate his chopsticks with chop suey because chop suey can be eaten with chopsticks
It is not possible that the shower curtain tastes good because shower curtains are made of plastic
It is not possible that the shower curtain tastes good because people do not eat shower curtains.
It is not possible that the shower curtain tastes good because shower curtains are used in bathroom for separation  that can't be tasted
It is not possible that jamie served delicious food on a laptop because laptop can't be a container of actual things
It is not possible that jamie served delicious food on a laptop because laptop cannot serve delicious food
It is not possible that jamie served delicious food on a laptop because jamie's new cookbook brings together 100 ultimate comfort food recipes from around the world
It is not possible that he wrote a letter on tv because tv doesn't have a function of writing a letter
It is not possible that he wrote a letter on tv because tv is for watching, and not for writting things.
It is not possible that he wrote a letter on tv because tv's are to skinny to write a letter on.
It is not possible that judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth because an earpick is not designed for teeth
It is not possible that judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth because this doesn't make sense because its too big
It is not possible that judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth because a toothpick is used to clean between teeth.
It is not possible that suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday because people usually receive on their birthdays
It is not possible that suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday because a person receives presents on their birthday
It is not possible that suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday because suzie birthday her parents give a new gift
It is not possible that lily hid behind a hair because a hair is too thin for lily to hide behind
It is not possible that lily hid behind a hair because typically a (single) hair is way too thin and small for a entire person to hide behind.
It is not possible that lily hid behind a hair because a hair is way too thin to hide behind
It is not possible that she opened the shower curtain when she woke up because shower curtain is not for shielding light during the night
It is not possible that she opened the shower curtain when she woke up because shower curtains are in bathroom and we can't open when we woke
It is not possible that she opened the shower curtain when she woke up because people don't sleep in their shower.
It is not possible that lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend because the relationship between a couple is not an affair
It is not possible that lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend because you can't have an affair with someone if you are already in a relationship with them.
It is not possible that lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend because no one have affair with their girlfriend
It is not possible that hats expose the head to sun and rain because hats function as a shelter for heads
It is not possible that hats expose the head to sun and rain because hats is safe of the head.
It is not possible that hats expose the head to sun and rain because in rain, sun can not be visible.
It is not possible that jack handed a word to her because a word can't be handed without writing it down
It is not possible that jack handed a word to her because you can't physically hand someone a sound or spoken words.
It is not possible that jack handed a word to her because words are immaterial and cannot be held in one's hand or passed hand to hand.
It is not possible that he lent me some bills because bills need to be paid and are non-borrowable
It is not possible that he lent me some bills because you can't lend someone your own debt.
It is not possible that he lent me some bills because you lend people money not bills.
It is not possible that i gave him the key to break the door because a key is used to open a door safely
It is not possible that i gave him the key to break the door because if a person has the key to a door, they wouldn't need to break it.
It is not possible that i gave him the key to break the door because key is used to open the door, not to break the door.
It is not possible that lucy drank some tea to serve the guest because tea is for the guest to drink
It is not possible that lucy drank some tea to serve the guest because can't serve a guest tea that has been drunk
It is not possible that lucy drank some tea to serve the guest because luck could not serve the tea to the guest, she had already drunk it.
It is not possible that paul has a picture taken with two americas because america is too big to be in the same picture with a man
It is not possible that paul has a picture taken with two americas because paul took a pictures with two americans.
It is not possible that paul has a picture taken with two americas because it should be americans and not americas
It is not possible that the boss made him do hard work all year because an employee needs some rest after a while
It is not possible that the boss made him do hard work all year because your boss can't work you all year
It is not possible that the boss made him do hard work all year because you cannot work all year
It is not possible that i heard her singing in the next city because it's impossible for a human voice to pass that far
It is not possible that i heard her singing in the next city because it would be impossible to hear something in another city
It is not possible that i heard her singing in the next city because humans dont have the hearing abilities to hear distances that would be in context of "the next city".
It is not possible that i could hear the rain pattered through the window because the rain won't make any sound if they pass through the window
It is not possible that i could hear the rain pattered through the window because rain pattering can be viewed through window not hearing
It is not possible that i could hear the rain pattered through the window because a window prevents rain from coming through.
It is not possible that my boyfriend grew me some roses on valentine's day because couple send and receive mature roses on valentine's day
It is not possible that my boyfriend grew me some roses on valentine's day because roses are not grown in one day.
It is not possible that my boyfriend grew me some roses on valentine's day because flowers don't grow in a day
It is not possible that our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study because to make mistake is not good in study
It is not possible that our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study because teacher will never say to make mistakes in the study
It is not possible that our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study because teachers will ask us to not to make more mistakes
It is not possible that she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party because a cloth can't be worn for any occasion
It is not possible that she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party because dinner parties require food preparation.
It is not possible that she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party because you can't eat cloths at a dinner party
It is not possible that the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor because using a machine is to replace labor
It is not possible that the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor because advanced machine  will cost least labour
It is not possible that the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor because the point of the machine is to take away the labor.
It is not possible that his success is due to his poor work because a poor work will not be thought highly of
It is not possible that his success is due to his poor work because poor work does not equal success.
It is not possible that his success is due to his poor work because success depends on good work ethic
It is not possible that he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam because students are not allowed to discuss during an exam
It is not possible that he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam because in exam we can't turn to anybody for a question
It is not possible that he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam because students don't get help during an exam
It is not possible that he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents because people's parents naturally want them to be successful
It is not possible that he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents because frustrating people is not something that should be tied in with success
It is not possible that he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents because parents want their children to succeed.
It is not possible that adults are not allowed to drink beer because adults are old enough to decide whether they want to drink beer
It is not possible that adults are not allowed to drink beer because if adults are not allowed to drink beer then who would drink beer?
It is not possible that adults are not allowed to drink beer because beer is allowed do drink only to adults.
It is not possible that people became ignorant after they read the news because people learn from what happened in the world
It is not possible that people became ignorant after they read the news because reading news enhances knowledge of a person
It is not possible that people became ignorant after they read the news because people became know after they read news
It is not possible that caroline asked her dog a name because a dog can't answer any question
It is not possible that caroline asked her dog a name because dogs can't talk and provide their name
It is not possible that caroline asked her dog a name because a dog cannot speak.
It is not possible that he prevented the car from going on the road because the road is for cars to go on
It is not possible that he prevented the car from going on the road because road is the place where car goes we can't prevent
It is not possible that he prevented the car from going on the road because cars are intended to move on roads.
It is not possible that franklin is dancing in the choir because a choir has several singers and performs singing
It is not possible that franklin is dancing in the choir because a person would not be dancing in a choir as a choir is a group of people who sing as an ensemble.
It is not possible that franklin is dancing in the choir because most choirs sing, they don't dane.
It is not possible that fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket because a shopping list is a reminder of things to buy
It is not possible that fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket because everyone will write shopping lists before going to supermarket
It is not possible that fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket because after went to supermarket there is no need to create a shopping list as it is already in mind.
It is not possible that police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency because police officers don't eat anything when they are handling emergencies
It is not possible that police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency because police officers are in a rush during an emergency.
It is not possible that police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency because police officers stop eating when an emergency arises.
It is not possible that jill wrote a book with monsters because monsters don't write as human do
It is not possible that jill wrote a book with monsters because monsters aren't real
It is not possible that jill wrote a book with monsters because monsters don't exist.
It is not possible that she flew on a fly abroad because a fly is too small to be a transportation
It is not possible that she flew on a fly abroad because humans can't fly on flies
It is not possible that she flew on a fly abroad because nobody can fly on a fly
It is not possible that we talked too much that we all puked later because conversations don't cause puke
It is not possible that we talked too much that we all puked later because only talking do not puke humans. if puked on-spot on later.
It is not possible that we talked too much that we all puked later because talking does not make you throw up.
It is not possible that tucker overdosed on candy because eating too much candy is not overdosing
It is not possible that tucker overdosed on candy because you cannot overdose on candy
It is not possible that tucker overdosed on candy because candy is safe to eat even in large quantities
It is not possible that he got dirty after he bought the house because buying a house doesn't make you dirty
It is not possible that he got dirty after he bought the house because buying a house doesn't cause one to get dirty.
It is not possible that he got dirty after he bought the house because please got complete clean house
It is not possible that ariel wanted to surprise beth by calling her a puppy because calling someone puppy won't make him feel surprised
It is not possible that ariel wanted to surprise beth by calling her a puppy because beth would not be surprised by being called a puppy.
It is not possible that ariel wanted to surprise beth by calling her a puppy because i think puppy should be a dog and not be able to be called. puppy is a dog no one could be happy with that name.
It is not possible that larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting because a meeting doesn't hold in water
It is not possible that larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting because swimsuits are for swimming not for meetings
It is not possible that larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting because people don;t wear swimsuits to meetings.
It is not possible that he put an apple in his mouth because eating an apple requires a few mouthfuls
It is not possible that he put an apple in his mouth because a whole apple is bigger than mouth.
It is not possible that he put an apple in his mouth because an apple is bigger than mouth
It is not possible that he printed a stamp on the letter because a printed stamp made the letter undeliverable
It is not possible that he printed a stamp on the letter because stamp is a ready one bought from shop that can't be printed
It is not possible that he printed a stamp on the letter because we cannot print stamps, only the government can do that; we have to buy them.
It is not possible that alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster because a drive-thru only serves fast food
It is not possible that alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster because i've never seen anywhere you could get lobster in the drive-thru
It is not possible that alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster because lobster requires considerable time to prepare, and so generally wouldn't be available at a drive-thru.
It is not possible that on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats because concert seldom hold in the dining hall
It is not possible that on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats because concerts aren't held in dining halls.
It is not possible that on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats because in concert we have to go hall where programme done
It is not possible that they bought paper made of steel because steel is not a good material for paper
It is not possible that they bought paper made of steel because paper is not made out of steel, and can not be made out of steel.
It is not possible that they bought paper made of steel because paper can only be made of paper
It is not possible that they hung out at the meeting room because meeting room doesn't provide entertainment
It is not possible that they hung out at the meeting room because they can meet in the meeting room not hung out
It is not possible that they hung out at the meeting room because meeting room is a place to discuss something important.
It is not possible that joey used a mop to dry himself because mop is used to absorb water from the floor
It is not possible that joey used a mop to dry himself because mops are used for cleaning floors, not people.
It is not possible that joey used a mop to dry himself because mops are wet and aren't used to dry a person.
It is not possible that wildfires are controlled by street fighters because street fighters don't know how to put out a fire
It is not possible that wildfires are controlled by street fighters because wildfires fires are controlled by fire fighters.
It is not possible that wildfires are controlled by street fighters because it's fire fighters that try to control wildfires, not street fighters.
It is not possible that honey can understand each other's dancing because honey is inanimate and can't dance
It is not possible that honey can understand each other's dancing because honey is a substance, it can't understand
It is not possible that honey can understand each other's dancing because honey is a non living thing which can not understand dancing.
It is not possible that he looked at the watch worn on his waist because a watch is too small to be worn on one's waist
It is not possible that he looked at the watch worn on his waist because you wear a watch on your wrist, not your waist.
It is not possible that he looked at the watch worn on his waist because nobody wears a watch on their waste.
It is not possible that sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild because sleeping pills only make people feel sleepy
It is not possible that sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild because sleep pills have no effect on the bodies temperature
It is not possible that sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild because sleeping pills gives only sleep
It is not possible that a secret is something that everyone knows because people don't usually tell the secret to everyone
It is not possible that a secret is something that everyone knows because a secret is private.
It is not possible that a secret is something that everyone knows because if everyone knows, it becomes a news
It is not possible that he ate too much that his fart was sweet because no fart has a good smell
It is not possible that he ate too much that his fart was sweet because fart is unpleasant odour that can't be sweet
It is not possible that he ate too much that his fart was sweet because eating too much does not determine the scent of a fart.
It is not possible that he chewed his food without swallowing because food won't enter our stomach without swallowing
It is not possible that he chewed his food without swallowing because without swallowing we can't complete chewing
It is not possible that he chewed his food without swallowing because swallowing is the process which comes after chewing the food.
It is not possible that he brought his gum for the hunt because gum is of no use in a hunt
It is not possible that he brought his gum for the hunt because he likely brought his gun for the hunt.
It is not possible that he brought his gum for the hunt because you don't need gum for hunting
It is not possible that the yard was wet after several days of sunshine because sunshine brings energy to dry the yard
It is not possible that the yard was wet after several days of sunshine because if there was sunshine for long days yard can't be wet it must be dry
It is not possible that the yard was wet after several days of sunshine because the yard would not be wet after several days of sunshine.
It is not possible that the ship sailed across the iced waters of the atlantic because a ship can't sail across the ice
It is not possible that the ship sailed across the iced waters of the atlantic because ships can't sail on ice.
It is not possible that the ship sailed across the iced waters of the atlantic because in iced water ship can't move
It is not possible that the ship turned sharply to get a collision because a ship may sink after a collision
It is not possible that the ship turned sharply to get a collision because ships would not purposefully try to be in a collision
It is not possible that the ship turned sharply to get a collision because the ship should turn away from a crash, not turn to get into one!
It is not possible that the artist added more melodies on his painting because melodies are elements in music
It is not possible that the artist added more melodies on his painting because melodies can be added only in music not in paintings
It is not possible that the artist added more melodies on his painting because artists don't add more melodies, but musicians do.
It is not possible that he found a bat to play soccer because bat is not used in a soccer game
It is not possible that he found a bat to play soccer because you don't use a bat when playing soccer.
It is not possible that he found a bat to play soccer because you kick a soccer ball, not hit it with a bat
It is not possible that the student attended several lectures to teach different professors because a student doesn't find ways to teach professors on purpose
It is not possible that the student attended several lectures to teach different professors because professors teach during lectors, not students.
It is not possible that the student attended several lectures to teach different professors because professors teach students.
It is not possible that all the guest of the party sat onto the cake because cakes are too soft to be a seat
It is not possible that all the guest of the party sat onto the cake because party guests don't sit on the cake.
It is not possible that all the guest of the party sat onto the cake because people do not regularly sit on cake
It is not possible that mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money because a discount means you don't spend more money than the prices of your groceries
It is not possible that mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money because a discount means saving money
It is not possible that mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money because getting a discount means you spend less money, not more.
It is not possible that the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside because the sun brings light that dispels the darkness
It is not possible that the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside because if the sun is rising then it is day time and there would be more light.
It is not possible that the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside because it cannot be dark if the sun is out.
It is not possible that the conversation is at the beginning so i hung up the phone because having a conversation over phone requires someone the hold the phone
It is not possible that the conversation is at the beginning so i hung up the phone because you don't hung up the phone at the beginning of the conversation
It is not possible that the conversation is at the beginning so i hung up the phone because you get on the phone to have a conversation, why get off at the beginning?
It is not possible that a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood because a flood is bad for farm products to grow
It is not possible that a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood because a canal is not used for flood  relief.
It is not possible that a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood because people build canals for transportation, not to purposefully flood lands
It is not possible that the skydiver glided safely to the seabed because a skydiver can't glide in the sea
It is not possible that the skydiver glided safely to the seabed because skydivers land on the surface from air.
It is not possible that the skydiver glided safely to the seabed because the skydiver are seabed to the glided
It is not possible that after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine because the vaccine helped the baby to be immune to the disease
It is not possible that after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine because the vaccine is received in order to become immune and not after it
It is not possible that after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine because here vaccination does not needed after becoming immune to the disease
It is not possible that todd opened the window to let the fresh air out because most fresh air comes from outside
It is not possible that todd opened the window to let the fresh air out because you open windows ti let fresh air in
It is not possible that todd opened the window to let the fresh air out because when we open the window fresh air comes in
It is not possible that the dog chased the cat up the tree because dogs don't know how to climb a tree
It is not possible that the dog chased the cat up the tree because the dog and cat walk only the land.
It is not possible that the dog chased the cat up the tree because dogs cannot run up trees
It is not possible that jane painted a chair and sat on it because a painted chair needs some time to dry
It is not possible that jane painted a chair and sat on it because you can't sit on a painting
It is not possible that jane painted a chair and sat on it because jane should not sit on wet paint."hitid
It is not possible that lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant because vegetarian restaurant only serves vegetarian food
It is not possible that lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant because vegetarian restaurant sells only vegetarian foods
It is not possible that lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant because steak is not served at a vegetarian restaurant
It is not possible that he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes because future clothes don't have a fixed size
It is not possible that he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes because he would lose weight to fit into his current clothes
It is not possible that he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes because he would be losing weight to fit clothes he doesn
It is not possible that there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill because a cattle can be strong but not splendid
It is not possible that there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill because huge cattle are too big to walk to the top of the hill.
It is not possible that there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill because cattle means cow
It is not possible that he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet because cash of one million dollars can't be put in a wallet
It is not possible that he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet because 1 million dollars won't fit in a wallet
It is not possible that he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet because in wallet we cant have cash to see its a digital
It is not possible that he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it because people who park illegally won't be punished to sell the car
It is not possible that he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it because wrong place car parking leads to fine not sell
It is not possible that he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it because you don't sell your car just because it is parked in the wrong spot.
It is not possible that sally hatched some eggs for the christmas eggnog because eggs hatched will become chicken which can't be used for eggnog
It is not possible that sally hatched some eggs for the christmas eggnog because a hen can only hatch the eggs
It is not possible that sally hatched some eggs for the christmas eggnog because sally cant hatch an egg
It is not possible that cindy said she was too good to go to school because if a student feels good he should go to school
It is not possible that cindy said she was too good to go to school because if she goes school she is good only
It is not possible that cindy said she was too good to go to school because going to school does not determine someone's quality as a person.
It is not possible that the old man was praised for littering in public because people won't be praised for bad behavior in public
It is not possible that the old man was praised for littering in public because praise is not given for littering
It is not possible that the old man was praised for littering in public because littering in public in not a good or kind act. we should not be littering at all.
It is not possible that jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely because when people lose weight they become slim
It is not possible that jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely because when people get fat, clothes fit tightly
It is not possible that jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely because clothes fit tighter when you gain weight
It is not possible that he left his dog in his office when he headed for work because when people work they are usually in their office so the dog is not left
It is not possible that he left his dog in his office when he headed for work because dogs are left at home while going to job
It is not possible that he left his dog in his office when he headed for work because a person's office is most likely to be in their place of work.
It is not possible that the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station because aircraft roadway only allows planes to take off and land
It is not possible that the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station because a roadway for an aircraft would be out of place in a train station.
It is not possible that the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station because aircraft roadways are built in aerodram
It is not possible that the girl licked her fur carefully because the surface of a girl's body is skin
It is not possible that the girl licked her fur carefully because girls don't have fur.
It is not possible that the girl licked her fur carefully because human beings will not have fur in their body
It is not possible that to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed because bugs are usually small and they don't need a bed for human
It is not possible that to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed because one does not accomodate bugs
It is not possible that to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed because sofa is not for accomodating bugs its to sit
It is not possible that my hands are tired because i have been standing up all day because people don't use hands to stand up
It is not possible that my hands are tired because i have been standing up all day because hands don't get tired from standing
It is not possible that my hands are tired because i have been standing up all day because standing up all day, legs will get tired
It is not possible that joanna made a pot of chill for dinner because chill is about temperature or feeling so it's not edible
It is not possible that joanna made a pot of chill for dinner because pot of chill cant be taken for dinner
It is not possible that joanna made a pot of chill for dinner because chill is to relax and unwind.
It is not possible that penguins are fish that cannot fly because penguins belong to a kind of bird
It is not possible that penguins are fish that cannot fly because penguins are not fish, they are birds.
It is not possible that penguins are fish that cannot fly because penquins are birds
It is not possible that i attend a class in the principal room because the principal room can only contain a small number of people
It is not possible that i attend a class in the principal room because classes are conducted in the class room
It is not possible that i attend a class in the principal room because classes should be in classrooms, not principal rooms.
It is not possible that one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot because pilots are not allowed to bring their moods to work
It is not possible that one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot because pilots use only their brain while driving
It is not possible that one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot because the pilots mood does not delay a flight
It is not possible that in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes because wind usually doesn't blow off your shoes
It is not possible that in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes because wind will not only take away shoes
It is not possible that in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes because shoes don't come off in the wind
It is not possible that after cooking i put the plate in the sink because plates are used to contain food
It is not possible that after cooking i put the plate in the sink because the plate was not used to eat off of yet and would still be clean not dirty like dishes in he sink would be.
It is not possible that after cooking i put the plate in the sink because the plate has food on it to eat, it would be pointless to just put it right in the sink.
It is not possible that the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather because a blind person doesn't need louder sounds to hear clearly
It is not possible that the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather because the boy read the novel to his blind grandfather loudly.
It is not possible that the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather because for blind we can read novel in normal voice not aloud
It is not possible that after a long time of walking my foot went numb because walking accelerates the blood circulation in the foot
It is not possible that after a long time of walking my foot went numb because this statement is against common sense because a foot only goes numb when there has been no activity using said foot.
It is not possible that after a long time of walking my foot went numb because numbness in the feet would not necessarily be caused by walking.
It is not possible that the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled because a photographer usually takes photos of people having positive emotions
It is not possible that the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled because this statement is against common sense because the photographer should be capturing the moment when the kids smile, as smiles are a huge reason for taking the picture to begin with.
It is not possible that the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled because kids smiling is most important in photography so photographer wont miss
It is not possible that i slipped on the cracked floor because cracked floor has greater friction than a flat floor
It is not possible that i slipped on the cracked floor because a cracked floor is not slippery
It is not possible that i slipped on the cracked floor because we cant slip on cracked floor
It is not possible that the bar closed early because it was crowded because a popular bar doesn't close early
It is not possible that the bar closed early because it was crowded because if they bar was crowded they would be making a lot of money and want to stay open
It is not possible that the bar closed early because it was crowded because this statement is against common sense because if a bar is crowded, that means money is being made.
It is not possible that he got pulled over by the police when he was parking because parking is an action of stopping one's car
It is not possible that he got pulled over by the police when he was parking because getting pulled over implies stopping on the side of the road, but parking does not happen on a road.
It is not possible that he got pulled over by the police when he was parking because you cannot be pulled over of you are already pulled over
It is not possible that the kid was spoiled and ran away from home because if a kid was spoiled he was likely to stay in this comfortable situation
It is not possible that the kid was spoiled and ran away from home because this statement is against common sense because if the kid was spoiled, he would not want to run away.
It is not possible that the kid was spoiled and ran away from home because if a kid is spoiled, he will not run away from home
It is not possible that bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch because a watch is used to record time and people look at their watch for the time
It is not possible that bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch because a watch would not serve as a reminder to someone, most likely.
It is not possible that bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch because you look at your watch to see the time
It is not possible that the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron because many people went to the bar on their own for a drink
It is not possible that the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron because the patron's loneliness has nothing to do with his ability to pay.
It is not possible that the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron because a patron would not be refused service because of loneliness.
It is not possible that the student received detention for his excellent grades because students who get good grades don't get punished
It is not possible that the student received detention for his excellent grades because detention is for doing something bad, not excellent grades.
It is not possible that the student received detention for his excellent grades because students should be rewarded for excellent grades, not punished
It is not possible that a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark because a train on a bridge can still receive the sunlight
It is not possible that a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark because bridges do not cover light
It is not possible that a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark because the inside of train have lights in them
It is not possible that the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish because hiding in the shell is a way to protect itself
It is not possible that the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish because a turtle cannot hunt fish while in its shell.
It is not possible that the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish because in shell it cant eat fish it must come out
It is not possible that the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister because an elder sister usually wear clothes of larger sizes
It is not possible that the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister because hand me downs usually go to younger and/or smaller people.
It is not possible that the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister because hand me downs go to younger siblings
It is not possible that the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off because to set a bomb off is to make the explosion happen
It is not possible that the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off because it couldn't be defused if set off.
It is not possible that the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off because the bomb was set off when the terrorist set it off.
It is not possible that the food he dropped was cooked by his dog because a dog doesn't know how to cook
It is not possible that the food he dropped was cooked by his dog because dog can not cook food.
It is not possible that the food he dropped was cooked by his dog because dog cant cook food as it is animal
It is not possible that the book was deemed inappropriate for human because books are created for human to read
It is not possible that the book was deemed inappropriate for human because books are not inappropriate for humans.
It is not possible that the book was deemed inappropriate for human because books are meant for humans
It is not possible that the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time because a wrong turn usually cost a driver more time to come back
It is not possible that the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time because taking the wrong road should increase the trip time
It is not possible that the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time because a wrong turn takes you away fron the direction you want to go and would not get you closer.
It is not possible that after i replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead because new batteries provide power to make the flashlight on
It is not possible that after i replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead because flashlight should work with new batteries
It is not possible that after i replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead because new batteries should work.
It is not possible that i scratched my skin to relieve scar because scratch causes a scar on human skin
It is not possible that i scratched my skin to relieve scar because scratching will worsen a scar
It is not possible that i scratched my skin to relieve scar because scratching one's skin would create scars, not heal them.
It is not possible that the burglar broke into my house without calling me up because a burglar doesn't call before his theft
It is not possible that the burglar broke into my house without calling me up because burglers will not call up and break into any house
It is not possible that the burglar broke into my house without calling me up because burglars would not call to inform people they are breaking in.
It is not possible that jason held the door for the woman entering before him because he didn't have to hold the door for someone passing before him
It is not possible that jason held the door for the woman entering before him because one cannot hold a door for someone entering in front of them.
It is not possible that jason held the door for the woman entering before him because jason cannot hold the door, he should open it
It is not possible that the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup because a mirror in the bathroom got fogged up usually because the air is humid and warm
It is not possible that the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup because the mirror should only fog up when hot water is running.
It is not possible that the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup because after applying makeup mirror won't get fogged
It is not possible that the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior because a security guard won't let anyone who's behaving strangely pass easily
It is not possible that the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior because sneaky behavior would get you stopped by security
It is not possible that the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior because sneaky behavior would not give someone a pass from security.
It is not possible that the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted because the steering wheel controls the direction of the car
It is not possible that the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted because rotating the steering wheel would turn the car
It is not possible that the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted because by rotating steering car wont halt
It is not possible that my shirt was tidy so i ironed it because to iron clothes is to make them tidy
It is not possible that my shirt was tidy so i ironed it because shirts that are messy are ironed
It is not possible that my shirt was tidy so i ironed it because this statement is against common sense because if your shift is already tidy, there is no reason to iron it.
It is not possible that the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home because a hospital aims to help people no matter how bad the situation is
It is not possible that the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home because hospitals sent home patients who are getting better
It is not possible that the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home because if he's worse, he needs to stay.
It is not possible that we found no seats in the theater so we sat down because people are not allowed to sit on places other than seats
It is not possible that we found no seats in the theater so we sat down because theaters never allow people to sit down
It is not possible that we found no seats in the theater so we sat down because if there is no more seat in the theaters, there will be no more seats available to sit down on
It is not possible that the woman received an admission after she graduated because after admission a student needs to gain several credits to graduate
It is not possible that the woman received an admission after she graduated because you don't need admission i you've already graduated.
It is not possible that the woman received an admission after she graduated because no one gets admission after graduated from college.
It is not possible that emily came upon a river on the sidewalk because a river is too big to be on a sidewalk
It is not possible that emily came upon a river on the sidewalk because this statement is against common sense because you don't just come upon a river on the sidewalk, as the sidewalk is on dry land and water is not.
It is not possible that emily came upon a river on the sidewalk because a river doesn't come to sidewalk
It is not possible that she covered her ears at the smelly smoke because people can't sense any smell with their ears
It is not possible that she covered her ears at the smelly smoke because ears are use for listening to sounds and the smoke will be detected by our nose.
It is not possible that she covered her ears at the smelly smoke because ears don't smell smoke
It is not possible that the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor because the audience liked a comedian with a sense of humor
It is not possible that the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor because an audience does not boo an act if they are enjoying it.
It is not possible that the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor because a comedian should be praised if he/she is funny
It is not possible that the coach gave the referee a high five because a referee doesn't usually interact with a coach
It is not possible that the coach gave the referee a high five because the referee is not part of the team
It is not possible that the coach gave the referee a high five because coach and referee cant give high five they are opposite
It is not possible that bob said my breath smelled of garlic so i wiped my mouth because a breath came from inside the mouth
It is not possible that bob said my breath smelled of garlic so i wiped my mouth because this statement is against common sense because wiping your mouth cannot take away a certain smell, perhaps brushing your teeth could.
It is not possible that bob said my breath smelled of garlic so i wiped my mouth because wiping your mouth doesn't get rid of bad breath
It is not possible that alex was lost so he drew a map because a lost man can't draw a map
It is not possible that alex was lost so he drew a map because a lost person would probably not be able to draw a map to help themselves.
It is not possible that alex was lost so he drew a map because he didn't know where he was.
It is not possible that tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door because gas pedal controls the oil tank of the car
It is not possible that tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door because you do not push the gas pedal to open a car door
It is not possible that tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door because the gas pedal makes the car go forward, not open the door
It is not possible that sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered because if evidence is discovered the truth will be discovered
It is not possible that sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered because evidence should incriminate sarah
It is not possible that sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered because new evidence would help convict someone of a crime, not acquit them.
It is not possible that i wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off because words are printed on books and they will not be wiped off
It is not possible that i wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off because while wiping any book with tissue, words will not come out
It is not possible that i wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off because book ink is tough and a tissue would not wipe it off.
It is not possible that the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in because gum is indigestible so people usually don't swallow it
It is not possible that the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in because someone caught chewing gum in class would likely be asked to spit it out, not to swallow it.
It is not possible that the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in because swallow a chewing gum is dangerous to health
It is not possible that jane brought her id so she was denied entrance into the bar because people should be allowed to enter a bar with their id
It is not possible that jane brought her id so she was denied entrance into the bar because id is specially for meant for entering a premisis
It is not possible that jane brought her id so she was denied entrance into the bar because proof of id would grant her entry into the bar.
It is not possible that a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it because a crater formed when a larger substance comes into contact with a smaller substance
It is not possible that a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it because a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it
It is not possible that a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it because crater cannot be formed on the  moon by a passing comet.
It is not possible that the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation because to maintain one's reputation he should use his real name in charity
It is not possible that the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation because being a benefactor typically results in a positive impact on a person's reputation.
It is not possible that the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation because benefactors are recognized to maintain their reputation
It is not possible that janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face because a smile is a natural expression so it shouldn't be ashamed of
It is not possible that janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face because a smile would not cause someone to feel shame.
It is not possible that janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face because smiling is a sign of happiness and should never been a thing to be ashamed
It is not possible that the x-ray showed that his arm was painted because an x-ray can't detect people's skin
It is not possible that the x-ray showed that his arm was painted because this statement is against common sense because the x-ray would not be able to show paint on the outside of the skin, as x-rays are used to see bones within your body.
It is not possible that the x-ray showed that his arm was painted because x-rays show broken bones
It is not possible that the boy filled the bucket with air because air is everywhere so it's already in a bucket
It is not possible that the boy filled the bucket with air because air will not fill a bucket
It is not possible that the boy filled the bucket with air because this statement is against common sense because you cannot fill a bucket with air as the air is already existing around everything, and it's not something you can "fill up".
It is not possible that taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience because an older version of computer hardware is usually less efficient
It is not possible that taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience because downgrading hardware means you are getting worse experience
It is not possible that taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience because this statement is against common sense because when you downgrade something, it typically means the quality or experience is decreased.
It is not possible that after a religious awakening she began to travel around because travelling around is not a sign of religion
It is not possible that after a religious awakening she began to travel around because she can travel even without religious awakening
It is not possible that after a religious awakening she began to travel around because traveling is not related to religion
It is not possible that i threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered because it was unnecessary contents that made the drawers cluttered
It is not possible that i threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered because drawers cannot become clutter with contents.
It is not possible that i threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered because throwing away items would create space, not clutter it up.
It is not possible that the student flaunted his test grade to his pets because someone's pets don't understand his show-off
It is not possible that the student flaunted his test grade to his pets because his pets will not know what he is talking about
It is not possible that the student flaunted his test grade to his pets because pets do not understand test grades
It is not possible that the boy felt homesick at his parent's because homesick is a longing for one's home during the absence from it
It is not possible that the boy felt homesick at his parent's because homesick is missing their parents
It is not possible that the boy felt homesick at his parent's because the boy felt homesick at a stranger's house.
It is not possible that she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky because a rocket requires some time to be assembled
It is not possible that she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky because a designed rocket will never fly
It is not possible that she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky because rockets don't fly they launch
It is not possible that the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up because to murmur is to make a soft and indistinct sound
It is not possible that the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up because murmuring would be low voiced.
It is not possible that the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up because a murmur is quiet.
It is not possible that he put the tree he just bought into the vase because a tree is too large to be put into a vase
It is not possible that he put the tree he just bought into the vase because a vase can hold some flowers only.
It is not possible that he put the tree he just bought into the vase because a tree would not fit in a vase.
It is not possible that the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman because blush is from inside while lipstick needs to be applied
It is not possible that the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman because lipstick on someones cheek does not imply that he blushed in front of a woman
It is not possible that the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman because lipstick is worn on the lips, rouge is worn on the cheeks.
It is not possible that the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish because seed grow at a normal rate in soil without additives
It is not possible that the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish because plants grow from seeds they do not make plants grow.
It is not possible that the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish because you put seeds in soil to make plants grow
It is not possible that the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary because the effect of dirty water is the same as clean water
It is not possible that the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary because a pipe would burst because the pipe was frozen.
It is not possible that the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary because pipes burst because of water pressure
It is not possible that the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews because positive consumer reviews lead to more buyers therefore increase the sales
It is not possible that the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews because if it has positive reviews it should make money.
It is not possible that the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews because positive consumer feedback would be likely to increase a company's revenue.
It is not possible that ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist because if he skipped the appointment with his dentist his toothache may not relieve
It is not possible that ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist because ben woke up with toothache so he has an appointment with his dentist.
It is not possible that ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist because if we have tooth ache we have to fix an appointment not to skip
It is not possible that the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee because a referee didn't play for any side of the game
It is not possible that the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee because the referee isn't a player
It is not possible that the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee because injury of referee  doesnt affect the game only players will affect
It is not possible that children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated because animated movies are usually for kids
It is not possible that children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated because animated movies are meant for children
It is not possible that children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated because animated movies are primarily for children
It is not possible that paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 because an important email shouldn't be deleted because the information would disappear
It is not possible that paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 because paul deleted the important email for it's false.
It is not possible that paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 because this statement is against common sense because if the email was important, paul would not have deleted it.
It is not possible that the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam because each answer was worth several points and if it's incorrect, the points will be subtracted
It is not possible that the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam because incorrect answers mean lowers scores
It is not possible that the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam because there's no reason for an incorrect answer to result in a higher grade.
It is not possible that the toddler started crying with his favorite toy because the toy one liked most would please him
It is not possible that the toddler started crying with his favorite toy because he wouldn't cry if it was his favorite toy
It is not possible that the toddler started crying with his favorite toy because if i toddler has his toy, he is happy and will not cry
It is not possible that monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up because the top of a slide is usually the tallest place on the slide
It is not possible that monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up because you cannot push yourself, but you can only fall off.
It is not possible that monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up because you slide down slides, you don't climb up
It is not possible that humans fly in the sky because humans do not have wings
It is not possible that humans fly in the sky because humans can't fly.
It is not possible that humans fly in the sky because humans can't fly
It is not possible that he eats a table for dinner because people cannot eat table
It is not possible that he eats a table for dinner because people do not eat tables because they are not food.
It is not possible that he eats a table for dinner because you can't eat a table.
It is not possible that i write with a comb because comb cannot leave a mark on the paper
It is not possible that i write with a comb because a comb is not a writing utensil.
It is not possible that i write with a comb because this statement is against common sense because you can not write with a comb, as a comb is using to brush your hair and it does not have any ink or lead in it.
It is not possible that he peels an apple with cotton because cotton is not sharp enough
It is not possible that he peels an apple with cotton because cotton is too soft to peel anything
It is not possible that he peels an apple with cotton because cotton is to soft to peel an apple
It is not possible that i enjoy dancing shows in radio because radios do not have screens
It is not possible that i enjoy dancing shows in radio because he was enjoy with dance show in radio
It is not possible that i enjoy dancing shows in radio because radio is just audio and it's not possible to see if anybody is dancing.
It is not possible that strikes will bring convenience to people's lives because strikes sometimes paralyze many living facilities
It is not possible that strikes will bring convenience to people's lives because strikes are not convenient
It is not possible that strikes will bring convenience to people's lives because strikes cause inconveniences, such as interruption of public services
It is not possible that you give objects when you go shopping because sellers are usually the one who give objects
It is not possible that you give objects when you go shopping because this statement is against common sense because you receive objects when you go shopping.
It is not possible that you give objects when you go shopping because you buy objects when shopping.
It is not possible that he runs errands to spend money because you usually get paid for running errands
It is not possible that he runs errands to spend money because running errands is to get items
It is not possible that he runs errands to spend money because spending money no need to run
It is not possible that if you want to get a question, you will use a calculator because people only use the calculator to get an answer when they have a question
It is not possible that if you want to get a question, you will use a calculator because calculator gives answer of your questions not question
It is not possible that if you want to get a question, you will use a calculator because against commmonsense because get a question no need calculator.
It is not possible that you will sleep more if you want to get somewhere because sleep will not enhance your academic education
It is not possible that you will sleep more if you want to get somewhere because getting somewhere requires to be awake
It is not possible that you will sleep more if you want to get somewhere because sleeping gets you nowhere.
It is not possible that you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle because war is dangerous and can refresh people
It is not possible that you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle because one would be alert when entering a battle, not sleepy.
It is not possible that you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle because you feel alert when you advance into a battle.
It is not possible that you would cool off because you want to feel more exciting because coolness is not exciting
It is not possible that you would cool off because you want to feel more exciting because iam not tensed when i was excited
It is not possible that you would cool off because you want to feel more exciting because cooling off means calming down
It is not possible that you would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends because school doesn't offer drinks to people
It is not possible that you would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends because you don't drink at school
It is not possible that you would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends because a school would never allow students or staff to drink on the premise.
It is not possible that he closes his eyes while reading a magazine because you cannot see anything with closing eyes
It is not possible that he closes his eyes while reading a magazine because closing one's eyes would restrict their ability to read.
It is not possible that he closes his eyes while reading a magazine because it is impossible to read with eyes closed
It is not possible that you would buy something big because you want to carry it with you because it's inconvenient to carry something big
It is not possible that you would buy something big because you want to carry it with you because something big cant be carried with us
It is not possible that you would buy something big because you want to carry it with you because big things are hard to carry
It is not possible that usually you need to invite animals to a party because people usually have a party with other people
It is not possible that usually you need to invite animals to a party because animals do not receive party invitations.
It is not possible that usually you need to invite animals to a party because animals are not invited to parties
It is not possible that he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital because hospital doesn't have a cost of admission
It is not possible that he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital because hospitals do not have an admission fee.
It is not possible that he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital because it doesn't cost anything to be admitted to the hospital; you pay insurance afterwards.
It is not possible that he danced to ride his bicycle because dancing cannot make the bicycle move
It is not possible that he danced to ride his bicycle because you do not dance to ride a bicycle
It is not possible that he danced to ride his bicycle because dancing does not enable one to ride a bicycle.
It is not possible that he used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef because torch give out a quantity of heat
It is not possible that he used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef because a torch is hot it would not cool the beef.
It is not possible that he used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef because torches do not cool things
It is not possible that i'm too full for lunch, so i'm going to eat more because people cannot eat anything when they full
It is not possible that i'm too full for lunch, so i'm going to eat more because you stop eating when you're full
It is not possible that i'm too full for lunch, so i'm going to eat more because fullness causes people to stop eating, not to eat more.
It is not possible that today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand because people can understand better the knowledge which is easy
It is not possible that today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand because if something is simple, it will be easy to understand
It is not possible that today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand because if it were simple you'd understand it.
It is not possible that people usually read books they are not interested in because people are more willing to do things of interest
It is not possible that people usually read books they are not interested in because people are usually interested in books they elect to read.
It is not possible that people usually read books they are not interested in because people don't read books that bore them.
It is not possible that you can practice english by speaking more spanish because spanish differs from english
It is not possible that you can practice english by speaking more spanish because by speaking more spanish, one cannot practice spanish and not english
It is not possible that you can practice english by speaking more spanish because spanish isn't going to help you practice english as they are diferent languages.
It is not possible that it is especially good to harm a child because it's wrong to hurt others
It is not possible that it is especially good to harm a child because harming a child is not good
It is not possible that it is especially good to harm a child because children are tender so we should be kind to them
It is not possible that you would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate because your friend will make you unhappy if he likes someone you don't like
It is not possible that you would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate because having friends is not about hating the same people, it's about sharing your common interest and having each others back
It is not possible that you would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate because one's friends don't usually like their enemies.
It is not possible that babies are bigger than adults because babies occupy less space than adults
It is not possible that babies are bigger than adults because adults are full grown and babies are not.
It is not possible that babies are bigger than adults because this statement is against common sense because babies are absolutely not bigger than adults, as they are infants and weigh less than 10lbs.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bird in a burrow because birds live on trees
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bird in a burrow because birds are not found in burrows.
It is not possible that you are likely to find a bird in a burrow because bids live in nests, not burrows
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead because not answering questions does not kill people
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead because you don't die from answering questions
It is not possible that something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead because that is highly unlikely, answering questions is seen as safe
It is not possible that you would go to a film because you want to be nervous because film make people happy
It is not possible that you would go to a film because you want to be nervous because you would go to a doctor if you want to cure nervousness
It is not possible that you would go to a film because you want to be nervous because seeing films is a leisure activity and do not make people nervous.
It is not possible that standing in the snow makes you feel hot because the temperature is low on snowy days
It is not possible that standing in the snow makes you feel hot because it's cold when it snows.
It is not possible that standing in the snow makes you feel hot because snow is cold
It is not possible that boats sail on the sky because a ship has no wings, so it cannot fly in the sky
It is not possible that boats sail on the sky because boats don't fly.
It is not possible that boats sail on the sky because aircraftss fly on the sky.
It is not possible that i feel dirty after taking a bath because taking a bath is used to make people clean
It is not possible that i feel dirty after taking a bath because baths make you feel clean
It is not possible that i feel dirty after taking a bath because you are clean after taking a bath.
It is not possible that everyone has the same skin color because there are different colors of different races
It is not possible that everyone has the same skin color because human beings will have different skin colors
It is not possible that everyone has the same skin color because people have many different skin colors.
It is not possible that harder tires grip better in wet weather because harder tires friction is small
It is not possible that harder tires grip better in wet weather because this statement is against common sense because wet weather causes all tires' performance to decrease, due to the ground being wet and slippery.
It is not possible that harder tires grip better in wet weather because harder tires are slicker during wet weather
It is not possible that disabled people's life is convenient because disabled people cannot do some normal things
It is not possible that disabled people's life is convenient because because they have major limitations compared to normal people
It is not possible that disabled people's life is convenient because this statement is against common sense because having a disability is not a convenience as the disability inhibits something you normally would be able to do.
It is not possible that often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy because do not eat breakfast will make people malnutrition
It is not possible that often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy because by eating regular breakfast, one will be healthy
It is not possible that often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy because if people didn't eat breakfast often how will they become healthy.
It is not possible that most boys make up because boys do not like to make up
It is not possible that most boys make up because girls using make up form the majority
It is not possible that most boys make up because boys dont do make up girls only do.
It is not possible that human beings should destroy the environment because human beings need a good environment to survive
It is not possible that human beings should destroy the environment because human beings should save the environment not destroy the environment.
It is not possible that human beings should destroy the environment because humans should be encouraged not to harm the environment.
It is not possible that people should play pirated games because it is against the law
It is not possible that people should play pirated games because it is considered stealing to use all pirated products
It is not possible that people should play pirated games because pirated games are illegal
It is not possible that i did not water the flowers, so it opened very well because flowers need water to live
It is not possible that i did not water the flowers, so it opened very well because flower would die, not open, if not watered.
It is not possible that i did not water the flowers, so it opened very well because flowers need water to bloom
It is not possible that i want to go out for a picnic in bad weather because only in fine weather you can have a picnic
It is not possible that i want to go out for a picnic in bad weather because picnics are outside in nice weather
It is not possible that i want to go out for a picnic in bad weather because picnics in bad weather would be awful and nearly impossible
It is not possible that cooking is a very boring thing, so i like it because people do not like things they are not interested in
It is not possible that cooking is a very boring thing, so i like it because someone would not like a boring thing, they would like an entertaining thing.
It is not possible that cooking is a very boring thing, so i like it because if something is boring you don't like it
It is not possible that i never exercise, so i am very healthy because doing exercise make people healthy
It is not possible that i never exercise, so i am very healthy because never exercising is not a way to get healthy
It is not possible that i never exercise, so i am very healthy because people who do not exercise are unhealthy
It is not possible that eating a lot makes me thin because eating a lot makes people store fat
It is not possible that eating a lot makes me thin because eating a lot make heavy/fatty  not thin
It is not possible that eating a lot makes me thin because eating a lot will make you big, not thin.
It is not possible that i want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short because a haircut shortens a person's hair
It is not possible that i want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short because cutting your hair will not make it longer
It is not possible that i want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short because haircuts are used when hair is long, not short.
It is not possible that i like to fail because failure make people depressed
It is not possible that i like to fail because nobody likes to fail, everyone would love to be succesful
It is not possible that i like to fail because nobody wants to fail
It is not possible that a winter day would make you want to fly a kite because winter is cold to get out
It is not possible that a winter day would make you want to fly a kite because it would be too cold to have fun flying a kite.
It is not possible that a winter day would make you want to fly a kite because it would be impossible to fly a kite in the snow .
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store because furniture stores do not sell bread
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store because bread could be found only in bakeries
It is not possible that you are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store because you are likely to find furniture in a furniture store
It is not possible that he put a basketball in the printer because there is no room for basketball in the printer
It is not possible that he put a basketball in the printer because a basketball does not belong in a printer.
It is not possible that he put a basketball in the printer because basketballs don't go in printers
It is not possible that you parked the boat in the garage because the boat cannot park in a garage because it is no water there
It is not possible that you parked the boat in the garage because a boat will not fit in the garage .
It is not possible that you parked the boat in the garage because my garage is not in river.
It is not possible that a lot of people get hurt in sleep because normally, sleeping is safe for humans
It is not possible that a lot of people get hurt in sleep because it's almost impossible for someone to get hurt in their sleep because they aren't doing anything.
It is not possible that a lot of people get hurt in sleep because sleeping is safe, you do not move in your sleep
It is not possible that it is normal for people to use radio to play games because there are few games on the radio
It is not possible that it is normal for people to use radio to play games because you cant play games on a radio
It is not possible that it is normal for people to use radio to play games because radio is for listening music and news not for playing
It is not possible that the space shuttle needs water to fly because water cannot give enough power to push the space shuttle
It is not possible that the space shuttle needs water to fly because this statement is against common sense because space shuttles go into the air, where there is no water unless it happens to be raining.
It is not possible that the space shuttle needs water to fly because space shuttles do not need water
It is not possible that your father gave birth to you because the male cannot conceive
It is not possible that your father gave birth to you because father's can't give birth.
It is not possible that your father gave birth to you because fathers do not have babies
It is not possible that he usually goes to the gym to sleep because people seldom do that
It is not possible that he usually goes to the gym to sleep because gym is especially meant for exercising.
It is not possible that he usually goes to the gym to sleep because you go to the gym to work out
It is not possible that people often go swimming in a car because there is no water in a car
It is not possible that people often go swimming in a car because in car we can go only driving
It is not possible that people often go swimming in a car because people go swimming in pools
It is not possible that he uses a stone to clean himself because the stone is too hard for that
It is not possible that he uses a stone to clean himself because water is used for cleaning
It is not possible that he uses a stone to clean himself because scrubs are used to clean ourselves
It is not possible that he cooked a meal in a paper pot because paper cannot withstand the heat of the fire.
It is not possible that he cooked a meal in a paper pot because paper pots soak easily while cooking
It is not possible that he cooked a meal in a paper pot because paper pot will burn if we cook in that
It is not possible that people usually dream when they are awake because people cannot dream without sleeping
It is not possible that people usually dream when they are awake because dreaming only occurs in sleep so it's impossible to dream while awake.
It is not possible that people usually dream when they are awake because people dream when they are asleep
It is not possible that he uses a lot of water to post a message because water can not be used to communicate with people
It is not possible that he uses a lot of water to post a message because one sends message not by using water
It is not possible that he uses a lot of water to post a message because this statement is against common sense because water can not be used post a message.
It is not possible that students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping because sleeping is not helpful for the education
It is not possible that students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping because this statement is against common sense because students can only enhance their academic abilities by learning and being hands on, not by sleeping.
It is not possible that students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping because by sleeping we cant enhance any abilities
It is not possible that he uses water to warm himself because water does not have enough high temperature.
It is not possible that he uses water to warm himself because water cools a person off, does not warm them.
It is not possible that he uses water to warm himself because heat is used to warm ourselves
It is not possible that he is drunk because he sleeps a lot because sleeping cannot make people drank
It is not possible that he is drunk because he sleeps a lot because excess sleep does not cause drunkenness.
It is not possible that he is drunk because he sleeps a lot because sleeping does not make people get drunk.
It is not possible that he braked with his left foot while driving because the brakes are on the right side of the cab.
It is not possible that he braked with his left foot while driving because brake is always on right side and should be applied using right foot
It is not possible that he braked with his left foot while driving because that would require driving with your feet crossed
It is not possible that he drinks oil when he is thirsty because oil does not quench people's thirst
It is not possible that he drinks oil when he is thirsty because oil is not for drinking
It is not possible that he drinks oil when he is thirsty because water is used to drink when thirsty
It is not possible that eating more vegetables will kill people because vegetables are nutritious and healthy
It is not possible that eating more vegetables will kill people because no one sells vegetables that kills
It is not possible that eating more vegetables will kill people because eating vegetables is good for you
It is not possible that getting enough sleep can make you exhausted because sleep can make people rest and not feel tired
It is not possible that getting enough sleep can make you exhausted because this statement is against common sense because getting enough sleep usually means you are well rested.
It is not possible that getting enough sleep can make you exhausted because one can feel fresh after having enough sleep
It is not possible that cutting short strings makes the guitar sound because you can't play the guitar without strings
It is not possible that cutting short strings makes the guitar sound because guitar sounds are not made by cutting short strings
It is not possible that cutting short strings makes the guitar sound because cutting strings does not make a sound
It is not possible that pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes because ink stains clothes
It is not possible that pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes because in washing machine we have to pour washing liquid not ink
It is not possible that pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes because detergent powders are used to wash clothes
It is not possible that dieting is a way to gain weight because if you eat less, you will lose weight
It is not possible that dieting is a way to gain weight because you generally lose weight when dieting.
It is not possible that dieting is a way to gain weight because dieting would help someone lose weight.
It is not possible that most people work to spend money because workers will be paid after working
It is not possible that most people work to spend money because this statement is against common sense because most people work to earn money.
It is not possible that most people work to spend money because people work to be able to save money for the future
It is not possible that males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation because males cannot conceive
It is not possible that males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation because it is females not males who become pregnant and give birth to offspring.
It is not possible that males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation because males don't get pregnant, womens do
It is not possible that divergent attention improves learning efficiency because distraction can make people careless and inefficient
It is not possible that divergent attention improves learning efficiency because divergent  decrease the learning
It is not possible that divergent attention improves learning efficiency because when a person is not paying attention, they will not learn anything.
It is not possible that gravity can start an electronic device because electronic devices need to be energized to start
It is not possible that gravity can start an electronic device because this statement is against common sense because gravity is not electricity, therefore it cannot start an electronic device.
It is not possible that gravity can start an electronic device because gravity doesn't do anything to electronics
It is not possible that people usually have breakfast after lunch because lunch is later than breakfast
It is not possible that people usually have breakfast after lunch because breakfast is eaten before lunch, not afterwards.
It is not possible that people usually have breakfast after lunch because breakfast, or break fast, means 'breaking fast,' is the first meal of the day upon awakening.
It is not possible that he took a nap in the sink because the sink is too small and dirty to sleep in
It is not possible that he took a nap in the sink because you cannot nap in a sink
It is not possible that he took a nap in the sink because you can't sleep in a sink.
It is not possible that students usually give lectures to teachers because the teachers' duty is to teach students
It is not possible that students usually give lectures to teachers because students listen to lectures from teachers.
It is not possible that students usually give lectures to teachers because only teachers give lectures not students
It is not possible that cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on because too bright lights can affect the effect of a movie playing
It is not possible that cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on because cinemas play movies with lights off
It is not possible that cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on because this statement is against common sense because cinemas only play the movie once the lights have been turned off.
It is not possible that he filled the car with water and drove off because water usually doesn't start a car
It is not possible that he filled the car with water and drove off because if a car was filled with water, the driver would drown and never be able to drive off.
It is not possible that he filled the car with water and drove off because car cannot run in water in fuel tank
It is not possible that she often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her because competitiveness comes when two people are equally successful
It is not possible that she often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her because a person would most likely compete with those who are equal or better than them.
It is not possible that she often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her because competition requires people who are at least as good at something as you are.
It is not possible that he threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants because elephants do not live in the lake
It is not possible that he threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants because elephants are land mammals and do not live in lakes
It is not possible that he threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants because one throws hook into lake to catch fish and not elephants
It is not possible that i need newspapers to translate languages i don't understand because newspapers have no function of translation
It is not possible that i need newspapers to translate languages i don't understand because newspapers dont translate anything
It is not possible that i need newspapers to translate languages i don't understand because newspapers doesn't translate languages
It is not possible that swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets because down clothes will sink when they are wet, which will affect athletes' performance
It is not possible that swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets because swimmers in competition wear swim suit.
It is not possible that swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets because swimmers do not wear down jackets at all while swimming
It is not possible that she often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime because no stars are visible during the day
It is not possible that she often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime because stars are not visible in the sunlight.
It is not possible that she often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime because stars are not visible during the daytime
It is not possible that he communicated with his friends by newspapers because people don't use newspapers to communicate
It is not possible that he communicated with his friends by newspapers because why would he communicate with his friends by newspapers? he could easily communicate with them in other ways.
It is not possible that he communicated with his friends by newspapers because he can communicate with his friends by just talking to them by phone
It is not possible that arguing is a way of expressing love between couples because when arguing, both sides are usually very angry
It is not possible that arguing is a way of expressing love between couples because arguing is not a way of expressing love
It is not possible that arguing is a way of expressing love between couples because arguing destroys love between couples
It is not possible that households get dirty after housework because the housework is for cleaning furniture
It is not possible that households get dirty after housework because households get clean after housework
It is not possible that households get dirty after housework because housework is a way of cleaning up one's house, not making it dirty.
It is not possible that in most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries because customs will not check the drivings license when people enter or leave the country
It is not possible that in most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries because you usually need a passport to travel between countries, not a drivng license.
It is not possible that in most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries because a driving license is not needed to travel to any country
It is not possible that people usually go to bars for milk because bars mainly sell drinks
It is not possible that people usually go to bars for milk because milk is not served in bars
It is not possible that people usually go to bars for milk because people do not go to bars to drink milk, they go and drink alcohol at bars
It is not possible that students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom because the back rows of the classroom are too far from the platform
It is not possible that students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom because this statement is against common sense because students with poor eyesight should be sitting in the front of the classroom.
It is not possible that students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom because poor eyesight student can't clear see from long distance without spectacles
It is not possible that if you think tv programs are too loud, you can increase the volume because raising the volume will make the voice louder
It is not possible that if you think tv programs are too loud, you can increase the volume because increasing volume would not make something quieter.
It is not possible that if you think tv programs are too loud, you can increase the volume because if someone thought tv programs were too loud, they would turn the volume down, not up.
It is not possible that usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game because because teams with low scores usually don't perform as well as their opponents
It is not possible that usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game because the higher score in basketball wins the game
It is not possible that usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game because lower scores are the ones the loses
It is not possible that he wrote a book review before reading the book because you can't evaluate a book without knowing its contents
It is not possible that he wrote a book review before reading the book because you can't review a  book if you haven't read it.
It is not possible that he wrote a book review before reading the book because reviews can be wtriiten only after thorough reading
It is not possible that people usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot because the other side of the earth is too far away
It is not possible that people usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot because it requires air or sea transportation to go to the other side of the world.
It is not possible that people usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot because this statement is against common sense because it would be nearly impossible to travel to the other side of the earth on foot, especially because there are multiple bodies of water across the globe.
It is not possible that if you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear because if you lose too much weight, you'll get smaller
It is not possible that if you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear because clothes could be worn easily if weight is reduced
It is not possible that if you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear because you're clothes won't fit if you lose weight
It is not possible that people usually cry after hearing a funny joke because people laugh when they find it funny
It is not possible that people usually cry after hearing a funny joke because people usually laugh after hearing a joke.
It is not possible that people usually cry after hearing a funny joke because after hearing joke all will laught wont cry
It is not possible that a new hairstyle will give me the same look because different hairstyle looks different
It is not possible that a new hairstyle will give me the same look because a new hairstyle will change your look
It is not possible that a new hairstyle will give me the same look because a new hair style would change your looks not make it the same, that's the point with a "new" hairstyle
It is not possible that too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease because nicotine in cigarettes is harmful for the lungs
It is not possible that too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease because smoking is injurious to health
It is not possible that too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease because pulmonary disease is caused by smoking.
It is not possible that when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border because your car may be inspected in many cases
It is not possible that when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border because while inspection we can't drive
It is not possible that when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border because cars are inspected for all diferent types of reasons
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry because wind doesn't have much to do with humidity
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry because the desert is not dry because of the lack of wind.
It is not possible that it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry because the wind blows often in the desert.
It is not possible that usually there are many elephants in malls because elephants can only live in the zoo or the wild
It is not possible that usually there are many elephants in malls because elephants will be in jungle not mall
It is not possible that usually there are many elephants in malls because there are only non-living things in malls
It is not possible that milk is from milkers' body because milk is milked by milkers from cows
It is not possible that milk is from milkers' body because milk is from cow's body not from milker's body.
It is not possible that milk is from milkers' body because milk comes from cows
It is not possible that chicago is the gdp of a city because gdp is an economic indicator
It is not possible that chicago is the gdp of a city because he  is the gdp of a bigg city chicago
It is not possible that chicago is the gdp of a city because chicago is a capital not gdp
It is not possible that you can set cheese to catch the mouse because cheese is harmless to mice
It is not possible that you can set cheese to catch the mouse because cheese would be bait for a trap to catch a mouse.
It is not possible that you can set cheese to catch the mouse because a mousetrap is needed to catch a mouse, not just cheese.
It is not possible that i put my clothes in a shoebox because shoebox is used to put on shoes
It is not possible that i put my clothes in a shoebox because you put shoes in the shoe box and clothes in the closet
It is not possible that i put my clothes in a shoebox because shoebox is for keeping shoes not clothes
It is not possible that this car is too cheap for tom to buy it because a low price is not the reason people don't buy something
It is not possible that this car is too cheap for tom to buy it because too cheap cars are easy to buy
It is not possible that this car is too cheap for tom to buy it because cheap cars are appealing to buyers
It is not possible that people can pick watermelons off from trees because there are no watermelon trees in the world
It is not possible that people can pick watermelons off from trees because watermelon do not grow on tree so people cannot pick them off from trees
It is not possible that people can pick watermelons off from trees because watermelons do not grow on trees.
It is not possible that the color of the banana is banana because banana can mean a kind of fruit but can't mean a kind of color
It is not possible that the color of the banana is banana because yellow is the color of a banana.
It is not possible that the color of the banana is banana because banana is not a color.
It is not possible that this plate tastes very good because no one can eat the plate
It is not possible that this plate tastes very good because plates cant be tasted foods to taste
It is not possible that this plate tastes very good because no one eat plates to taste
It is not possible that i'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash because my fear can't lead to the plane crash
It is not possible that i'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash because hundred of people would die if a plane crashes
It is not possible that i'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash because the plane will not crash because you are afraid
It is not possible that a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep because cows and sheep are animals and can't be planted
It is not possible that a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep because cows and sheep can't be planted.
It is not possible that a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep because this statement is against common sense because a farm cannot grow crops of animals, as farms grow crops of vegetables or fruit.
It is not possible that if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant because going to a restaurant is not the only way to have lunch
It is not possible that if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant because one does not have to go to a restaurant to have lunch.
It is not possible that if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant because restaurants are not the only place where we can get food.
It is not possible that most people use arms to walk because arms are not suitable for walking
It is not possible that most people use arms to walk because most people can't walk with their arms.
It is not possible that most people use arms to walk because we will fall flat on our face
It is not possible that silk is a common material for wedding rings because wedding rings are made by metal and diamond
It is not possible that silk is a common material for wedding rings because wedding rings are commonly made of gold
It is not possible that silk is a common material for wedding rings because wedding rings are made up of precious metal not silk
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert because boat needs water to float
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert because floating on the desert is impossible
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert because he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the beach
It is not possible that if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot because a pilot is very likely to be unable to give you right advice about travel
It is not possible that if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot because one doesn't need to talk to a pilot to travel.
It is not possible that if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot because pilots are only in charge of driving  the plane."hitid
It is not possible that you can jump out of a window if the window is closed because closed window will block the way you jump
It is not possible that you can jump out of a window if the window is closed because you would be able to jump into a window if it was closed, but it must be open in order to jump out of a window.
It is not possible that you can jump out of a window if the window is closed because if a window is closed, you cannot jump through it.
It is not possible that you need to have a dream first then you can awake because you can also wake up if you fell asleep but no dreams
It is not possible that you need to have a dream first then you can awake because dream is apart from awakening
It is not possible that you need to have a dream first then you can awake because dream will come in the sleep.
It is not possible that a thief stole my finger because a finger is a part of a human and can't be stolen
It is not possible that a thief stole my finger because it is impossible to steal a finger because it is connected to your body.
It is not possible that a thief stole my finger because a person cannot steal a finger.
It is not possible that tom caught a big tiger in the sea because tiger live in the land, no in the sea
It is not possible that tom caught a big tiger in the sea because tigers are not found in the sea.
It is not possible that tom caught a big tiger in the sea because tigers live on land and cannot be found in the sea
It is not possible that i'm dirty now so i need to have lunch because lunch can't make you clean
It is not possible that i'm dirty now so i need to have lunch because lunch can't remove dirt.
It is not possible that i'm dirty now so i need to have lunch because when dirty one will take bath
It is not possible that i can hear the light from the moon at night because light has no sound and can't be heard
It is not possible that i can hear the light from the moon at night because one cannot hear sound from the moon
It is not possible that i can hear the light from the moon at night because you cannot hear light.
It is not possible that he is rude to others so he has many friends because people don't like being treated rudely
It is not possible that he is rude to others so he has many friends because you do not make friends being rude
It is not possible that he is rude to others so he has many friends because rude people are not usually popular with others.
It is not possible that they put out a fire successfully with kerosene because kerosene is flammable
It is not possible that they put out a fire successfully with kerosene because a fire cannot be put out with kerosene
It is not possible that they put out a fire successfully with kerosene because kerosene is flammable and would make the fire grow.
It is not possible that i often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery because the gallery is the place to exhibit paintings
It is not possible that i often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery because movies are not played in a gallery
It is not possible that i often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery because in the gallery we can watch photos.
It is not possible that the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning because a plate is too shallow to hold the coffee
It is not possible that the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning because servant can serve coffee every morning, not waiter.
It is not possible that the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning because a plate is flat and is not able to hold coffee
It is not possible that the car broke down so i lifted the window to check it because check things under the window can't help you find the reason
It is not possible that the car broke down so i lifted the window to check it because the normal thing is to raise the hood to see the engine
It is not possible that the car broke down so i lifted the window to check it because for car brake down we have to lift engine cover not window
It is not possible that smelling an apple every day can be good for your health because we can't get the nutrition in the apple by smelling it
It is not possible that smelling an apple every day can be good for your health because the body does not intake nutrients or health benefits from smelling foods.
It is not possible that smelling an apple every day can be good for your health because just by smelling an apple health can not improve.
It is not possible that we use walls to let the light shine into the house because light can't penetrate the wall
It is not possible that we use walls to let the light shine into the house because walls are not used for shine the house.
It is not possible that we use walls to let the light shine into the house because we use windows to let the light shine into the house
It is not possible that we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary because what recorded in the diary is not a future event
It is not possible that we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary because no one can predict what will happen in future
It is not possible that we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary because diaries are memories not predictions
It is not possible that i parked my car on the highway because parking on the highway violates traffic regulations
It is not possible that i parked my car on the highway because cars cannot be parked on a highway.
It is not possible that i parked my car on the highway because a highway is where cars are being driven and not where they are to be parked.
It is not possible that i learned to play basketball to enjoy music because basketball is not a kind of instrument
It is not possible that i learned to play basketball to enjoy music because learning the basket ball used for only play
It is not possible that i learned to play basketball to enjoy music because music has nothing to do with basketball.
It is not possible that microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker because microphone is not a character of a person
It is not possible that microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker because microphone is not a character
It is not possible that microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker because microphones are a tool not a character
It is not possible that people often sleep with their shoes on because sleep with shoes on is very uncomfortable
It is not possible that people often sleep with their shoes on because shoe is not an electric material to keep it on
It is not possible that people often sleep with their shoes on because people are used to take their shoes off to sleep
It is not possible that humans can fly with wings because humans don't have wings
It is not possible that humans can fly with wings because humans do not have wings, therefore they cannot fly.
It is not possible that humans can fly with wings because humans are not bird to fly
It is not possible that laziness is one of the reasons people travel because lazy people can't complete things that travel needs
It is not possible that laziness is one of the reasons people travel because people travel not for laziness but for rest.
It is not possible that laziness is one of the reasons people travel because travel needs energy. lazy people dont want to travel
It is not possible that two people who hate each other will kiss because kissing is a way to express intimacy rather than disgust
It is not possible that two people who hate each other will kiss because people who like each other will kiss
It is not possible that two people who hate each other will kiss because people kiss when they love each other
It is not possible that a first class airline seat is for fat people because first class seat is more expensive
It is not possible that a first class airline seat is for fat people because not all fat people are rich
It is not possible that a first class airline seat is for fat people because a first class airline seats are only based on amount
It is not possible that alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it because the boss will be unhappy for employees being late
It is not possible that alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it because the boss should be angry about that
It is not possible that alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it because boss was angry when she came late.
It is not possible that he swims in his own bathtub every day because bathtub is too small for swimming
It is not possible that he swims in his own bathtub every day because a bathtub is not big enough to swim in.
It is not possible that he swims in his own bathtub every day because bathtubs are too small to swim in
It is not possible that the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history because an invitation is asking someone to come to a social event
It is not possible that the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history because telephone is the invention, not invitations.
It is not possible that the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history because the telephone is an invention, not an invitation.
It is not possible that i poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast because kerosene is not humans' food
It is not possible that i poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast because kerosene is a fuel it can't be added in food
It is not possible that i poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast because kerosene is toxic to humans and is not food
It is not possible that he is a pitiful person because he has no debit because no debit is a thankful thing
It is not possible that he is a pitiful person because he has no debit because you do not need to have debit to be an acceptable person.
It is not possible that he is a pitiful person because he has no debit because pitiful is different from debit.
It is not possible that the food tastes very bad and i enjoy it very much because no one will enjoy food tastes bad
It is not possible that the food tastes very bad and i enjoy it very much because can't enjoy when the food taste is bad
It is not possible that the food tastes very bad and i enjoy it very much because when food taste bad you will not be happy
It is not possible that the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam because the bar is often too noisy for people to concentrate on preparing for exam
It is not possible that the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam because the bar is very loud and crowded.
It is not possible that the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam because the bar is a very noisy place
It is not possible that if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu because the menu is used to order food not to cook food
It is not possible that if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu because a recipe is used for cooking
It is not possible that if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu because following a menu doesn't mean you know how to cook.
It is not possible that nearsighted people need glasses to sleep because people don't need to see things clearly when they are sleep
It is not possible that nearsighted people need glasses to sleep because people take off their glasses when they sleep.
It is not possible that nearsighted people need glasses to sleep because glasses have nothing to do with going to sleep.
It is not possible that many precious stones are used in cooking because human can't eat stones
It is not possible that many precious stones are used in cooking because stones are not made to eat
It is not possible that many precious stones are used in cooking because stones aren't edible
It is not possible that we built up an army to protect the enemy because the army is used to destroy the enemy
It is not possible that we built up an army to protect the enemy because you protect yourself not the enemy
It is not possible that we built up an army to protect the enemy because army build to protect people
It is not possible that when you are drowning, a computer can save your life because when you are in the water, a computer can't help you get back to the land
It is not possible that when you are drowning, a computer can save your life because the computer is a lifeless object and can not save anyone
It is not possible that when you are drowning, a computer can save your life because a computer cannot save a drowning person.
It is not possible that i shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention because loud voice will attract people's attention
It is not possible that i shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention because if you want to avoid getting someones attention, you would not shout at the top of your voice
It is not possible that i shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention because we shout to grab the attention
It is not possible that i felt the building was shaking and then i realized it was rainy because usually rain can't shake the building
It is not possible that i felt the building was shaking and then i realized it was rainy because a building does not shake in the rain.
It is not possible that i felt the building was shaking and then i realized it was rainy because rain does not cause buildings to shake.
It is not possible that they gave me a crutch to sit when i came in because crutches are tools that help people to walk
It is not possible that they gave me a crutch to sit when i came in because crutches are used for standing
It is not possible that they gave me a crutch to sit when i came in because people use a crutch for standing or walking
It is not possible that children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age because people know how to cry since they were born
It is not possible that children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age because the first thing children do as babys is cry
It is not possible that children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age because children cry from the moment they are born
It is not possible that sleeping at night is for not being hungry because sleep can't make you full
It is not possible that sleeping at night is for not being hungry because being hungry is not related to the sleeping at night.
It is not possible that sleeping at night is for not being hungry because people have trouble sleeping when hugry
It is not possible that i will make sure the door is open when i leave the house because it's dangerous to leave the door open
It is not possible that i will make sure the door is open when i leave the house because you don't want anyone to come in when you're not at home
It is not possible that i will make sure the door is open when i leave the house because one should not leave the door open when leave the house.
It is not possible that i was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land because friends are people we like to stay with
It is not possible that i was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land because seeing friends abroad makes people happy
It is not possible that i was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land because you should feel happy and excitement after seeing a friend in a foreign place.
It is not possible that she had a bad day and she felt white because white can't be used to describe a person's mood
It is not possible that she had a bad day and she felt white because being white is not related to having a bad day.
It is not possible that she had a bad day and she felt white because in a bad day we can't felt white
It is not possible that when my plants are dead, i water them because it's meaningless to water the plants when they are already dead
It is not possible that when my plants are dead, i water them because dead plants do not require water.
It is not possible that when my plants are dead, i water them because dead plants don't need watering
It is not possible that i enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much because there's no sunshine in the evening
It is not possible that i enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much because there is no sunshine in the evening.
It is not possible that i enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much because the sun goes down in the evening so it does not shine much
It is not possible that i was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday because i should be born later than my big brother
It is not possible that i was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday because big brother born already.
It is not possible that i was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday because your big brother can't have been born after you.
It is not possible that i kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match because kicking the teammate into the goal can't score in the football match
It is not possible that i kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match because you kick a ball into the goal to win, not a teammate
It is not possible that i kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match because one can win the football match by kicking a ball to goal post.
It is not possible that it's really cold so i light a screen to get warmth and light because the heat from the screen is not enough to warm a human
It is not possible that it's really cold so i light a screen to get warmth and light because lighting a screen doesn't get you warmer.
It is not possible that it's really cold so i light a screen to get warmth and light because a screen cannot give warmness to protect from cold.
It is not possible that today i washed soup because soup is liquid and can't be washed
It is not possible that today i washed soup because you eat soup
It is not possible that today i washed soup because you don't wash soup, it's already liquid.
It is not possible that i tripped on a rock and then flied because human can't fly
It is not possible that i tripped on a rock and then flied because people don't fly when they trip
It is not possible that i tripped on a rock and then flied because people do not fly.
It is not possible that i drove from china to the north pole because you need to take ship or plane to go to the arctic from china
It is not possible that i drove from china to the north pole because you can not drive to the north pole from china.
It is not possible that i drove from china to the north pole because that is a long drive and you would need to take a ferry
It is not possible that many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday because the cloud won't fall to the ground
It is not possible that many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday because the clouds show to the sky
It is not possible that many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday because clouds never fall down on the ground
It is not possible that a salesman can fool a product because a product doesn't have life and can't be fooled
It is not possible that a salesman can fool a product because you cannot fool an inanimate product.
It is not possible that a salesman can fool a product because a product is an inanimate object that cannot be fooled.
It is not possible that you can gather energy by taking exercise because taking exercise consumes energy
It is not possible that you can gather energy by taking exercise because exercise actually expends energy.
It is not possible that you can gather energy by taking exercise because exercise is to burn calories and not to gain energy
It is not possible that anything can't be bought for the high price because you can buy many things at a reasonable price
It is not possible that anything can't be bought for the high price because enough money can accomplish anything.
It is not possible that anything can't be bought for the high price because many things can bought high price.
It is not possible that i bought him knowledge because knowledge can't be bought
It is not possible that i bought him knowledge because knowledge was not an object to bought
It is not possible that i bought him knowledge because no one can buy knowledge.
It is not possible that i left my car in my wallet because a car is too big to put in a wallet
It is not possible that i left my car in my wallet because a car is to big to be inside of a wallet
It is not possible that i left my car in my wallet because i left my wallet in the car.
It is not possible that you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish because fishing doesn't require a swimsuit
It is not possible that you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish because you do not have to wear a swimsuit to go fishing.
It is not possible that you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish because you dont need to wear a swimsuit to go fishing
It is not possible that we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic because referee's duty is to oversee the game
It is not possible that we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic because we need a referee to ensure the game is win or loss not fantastic
It is not possible that we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic because referees enforce the rules, they don't affect the quality of the game
It is not possible that i send my new book to hospitals to sell it because people don't buy books in hospital
It is not possible that i send my new book to hospitals to sell it because one would not sell books in hospitals.
It is not possible that i send my new book to hospitals to sell it because in hospital we can't sell books
It is not possible that i caught this rabbit on the moon because there's no life in the moon
It is not possible that i caught this rabbit on the moon because rabbits are not on the moon
It is not possible that i caught this rabbit on the moon because there are no rabbits on the moon
It is not possible that when i am not fit, i will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor because there's no doctor in pharmacy
It is not possible that when i am not fit, i will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor because pharmacy don't have a doctor
It is not possible that when i am not fit, i will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor because in the pharmacy there is no doctor, only in clinics and hospitals
It is not possible that we can find sugar in ocean water because there is no sugar in ocean water
It is not possible that we can find sugar in ocean water because ocean water has salt, not sugar, in it.
It is not possible that we can find sugar in ocean water because sugar is found in the kitchen.
It is not possible that a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today because microphones don't have life
It is not possible that a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today because microphones can not listen to speeches.
It is not possible that a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today because microphones are used to record, not to listen
It is not possible that i lost my car in the traffic jam because i can't lose my car when i'm driving
It is not possible that i lost my car in the traffic jam because if you were stick in a traffic ja, you would be stuck in your car.
It is not possible that i lost my car in the traffic jam because you can't park in the traffic jam
It is not possible that the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful because feeling regretful for being sent to prison makes sense
It is not possible that the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful because regretfulness has little bearing on a criminal being sent to prison.
It is not possible that the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful because by sending anyone to prison, he can not be regretful.
It is not possible that the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian because comedians' job is to make the audience happy
It is not possible that the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian because the laugh & clapping hands is  the best encouragement for the comedian not the cry
It is not possible that the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian because usually comedians make the audience laugh
It is not possible that i had a sleep to lie in the bed because you don't need to have a sleep before lying to bed
It is not possible that i had a sleep to lie in the bed because you cant lie to the bed
It is not possible that i had a sleep to lie in the bed because we only dream when we are in bed sleeping
It is not possible that i felt very nervous after taking the midterm because you don't need to feel nervous since the exam is over
It is not possible that i felt very nervous after taking the midterm because a midterm is not a tangible object.
It is not possible that i felt very nervous after taking the midterm because normal seriously calculate after taking calm medication
It is not possible that throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container because something you don't understand may still be useful
It is not possible that throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container because you should recycle, not just throw things away.
It is not possible that throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container because you can't throw thoughts into the trash container.
It is not possible that you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game because audience of baseball game don't need to play baseball well
It is not possible that you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game because to watch a game ther is no need to play it before
It is not possible that you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game because you don't need to play baseball to watch it.
It is not possible that every morning i read the news on the diary because things written in the diary is not news
It is not possible that every morning i read the news on the diary because in diary we cannot read the news.
It is not possible that every morning i read the news on the diary because the diary does not have the news.
It is not possible that soccer ball is a kind of sport because a sport is an activity
It is not possible that soccer ball is a kind of sport because soccer is a sport, a soccer ball is what you play it with.
It is not possible that soccer ball is a kind of sport because soccer ball is not a kind of sport.
It is not possible that i buy this book from the library because books in the library are not for sale
It is not possible that i buy this book from the library because you borrow books from the library
It is not possible that i buy this book from the library because you can not buy books from the library.
It is not possible that drinking too much coffee can make you drunk because coffee is not a kind of alcoholic drink
It is not possible that drinking too much coffee can make you drunk because coffee doesn't contains alcohol
It is not possible that drinking too much coffee can make you drunk because coffee is not alcohol
It is not possible that i am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning because the alcohol in vodka will make people drunk and stupid
It is not possible that i am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning because people usally drink a cup of coffee for waking up in the morning
It is not possible that i am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning because people drink a cup of coffee to wake up in the morning, not alcohol
It is not possible that grass is a common material for a bowl because grass is too soft to make a bowl
It is not possible that grass is a common material for a bowl because bowl does not contain any grass
It is not possible that grass is a common material for a bowl because grass does not go in a bowl.
It is not possible that i need to see a psychologist because i had violent stomach pains because psychologist can't cure physical illness
It is not possible that i need to see a psychologist because i had violent stomach pains because a psychologist doesn't treat stomach pains.
It is not possible that i need to see a psychologist because i had violent stomach pains because a psychologist does not give treatments for health issues
It is not possible that my lifestyle is green and i plant fertilizer every year because fertilizer is not a plant and can't be planted
It is not possible that my lifestyle is green and i plant fertilizer every year because fertilizer isn't planted.
It is not possible that my lifestyle is green and i plant fertilizer every year because a green lifestyle only uses organic waste
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema because a cinema is a place to play films rather than shooting films
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema because you go to the cinema to watch a movie not act in one.
It is not possible that i bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema because you go to watch movies at the cinema, not to act in them
It is not possible that it's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland because a human is too heavy to ride a cat generally
It is not possible that it's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland because we cant ride on a cat since it is small animal
It is not possible that it's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland because cats are not to be ridden.
It is not possible that they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love because lovers always want to stay together
It is not possible that they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love because you enjoy staying together when you fall in love
It is not possible that they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love because if they're in love, they want to be together
It is not possible that parents often use chocolate to punish their children because most children love eating chocolate
It is not possible that parents often use chocolate to punish their children because giving chocolate would be an award for children and not punishment because child likes to cocholate
It is not possible that parents often use chocolate to punish their children because chocolate is a treat not punishment
It is not possible that tom was very happy because he was bullied in school because victims of bullying will be painful
It is not possible that tom was very happy because he was bullied in school because when tom bullied in school he will sad and nobody happy when bullied
It is not possible that tom was very happy because he was bullied in school because if he was bullied he will be sad.
It is not possible that eating salty food would make you hungry because people will become full after eating food
It is not possible that eating salty food would make you hungry because eating food wouldn't increase someone's hunger.
It is not possible that eating salty food would make you hungry because food still makes you full, even if its salty
It is not possible that using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient because washing machine is used to wash clothes
It is not possible that using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient because washing machine was used to wash cloths only
It is not possible that using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient because washing machines are not used for washing vegetables, only for clothes.
It is not possible that i paid to grow longer hair because hair will grow longer without spending money
It is not possible that i paid to grow longer hair because payment can not bring everything
It is not possible that i paid to grow longer hair because hair grows wheter you pay or not
It is not possible that i have a basket for drinking water in my office because baskets have many gaps and can't hold liquid
It is not possible that i have a basket for drinking water in my office because basket does not hold the water
It is not possible that i have a basket for drinking water in my office because baskets can't hold water
It is not possible that we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking because using glue will make us can't take off shoes
It is not possible that we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking because you tie your shoes to keep them from dropping, you don't glue them.
It is not possible that we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking because glue is only use for ensure the paper.
It is not possible that my dream is to be a teacher because i want to share my food because sharing food is not teachers' duty
It is not possible that my dream is to be a teacher because i want to share my food because you can share your food without being a teacher.
It is not possible that my dream is to be a teacher because i want to share my food because teachers do not share their food.
It is not possible that child need to be taught how to laugh because children are born with the ability to laugh
It is not possible that child need to be taught how to laugh because laughter is something everyone inherently knows how to do.
It is not possible that child need to be taught how to laugh because children naturally know how to laugh.
It is not possible that the taste in art is an objective matter because we taste art based on our own ideas
It is not possible that the taste in art is an objective matter because taste in art is subjective
It is not possible that the taste in art is an objective matter because objective matters can be measured, but one's taste for art is not  measurable quantity.
It is not possible that the airport is one of the fastest things in the world because the airport is a building and can't move
It is not possible that the airport is one of the fastest things in the world because an airport does not move,
It is not possible that the airport is one of the fastest things in the world because the aeroplanes in airports are fast, not the building itself
It is not possible that the weight machine showed that i had grown taller because the weight machine can't measure a person's height
It is not possible that the weight machine showed that i had grown taller because weight machine shows only weight not height
It is not possible that the weight machine showed that i had grown taller because the weight measure only weight of the body
It is not possible that you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate because invigilation is the teachers' job
It is not possible that you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate because you do not need to supervise exams to graduate.
It is not possible that you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate because invigilate doesn't mean anything.
It is not possible that because he is rich, he lives a frugal life because rich people don't need to live frugally
It is not possible that because he is rich, he lives a frugal life because rich don't need to live frugal life.
It is not possible that because he is rich, he lives a frugal life because rich can not live frugal life
It is not possible that i carried a fork to eat soup because fork can't hold liquid
It is not possible that i carried a fork to eat soup because cant eat soup with fork
It is not possible that i carried a fork to eat soup because a soup can be had by a spoon and not fork.
It is not possible that to be a husband, you need to accept strict training because being a husband doesn't require special skills
It is not possible that to be a husband, you need to accept strict training because you do not need formal training to be a husband.
It is not possible that to be a husband, you need to accept strict training because husband is not a job to get trained
It is not possible that the dog barked all day and i had to wear nasal plugs because barking is not a kind of smell
It is not possible that the dog barked all day and i had to wear nasal plugs because ear plugs are used to avoid hearing sounds, not nasal plugs
It is not possible that the dog barked all day and i had to wear nasal plugs because a person would wear ear plugs to block out noise.
It is not possible that i prepared a rocket to go to american because the rocket is used for space travel
It is not possible that i prepared a rocket to go to american because one cannot make a rocket to go to american since american doesn't exist.
It is not possible that i prepared a rocket to go to american because rocket cannot be prepared.
It is not possible that i will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm because eyeglasses can't be used to keep warm
It is not possible that i will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm because thicker glasses will not make you warmer.
It is not possible that i will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm because glasses do not keep you warm, it is use to make you see better
It is not possible that i pulled the door shut with my eye because eyes can't move the door
It is not possible that i pulled the door shut with my eye because you use your hands to shut a door, not your eye.
It is not possible that i pulled the door shut with my eye because door could be shut using hands
It is not possible that i used my third hand to lift my coat because human only have two hands
It is not possible that i used my third hand to lift my coat because no one has three hands
It is not possible that i used my third hand to lift my coat because people do not have a third hand.
It is not possible that cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes because socks are not worn on the hands
It is not possible that cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes because fingernails have nothing to do with socks having holes.
It is not possible that cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes because you don't wear socks on your hands.
It is not possible that after finishing all my work i felt very stressful because you don't need to feel pressure when you finish your work
It is not possible that after finishing all my work i felt very stressful because you should feel relieved after finishing all your work.
It is not possible that after finishing all my work i felt very stressful because one will feel stressful only if they dont finish their work
It is not possible that you can find clouds underground because clouds only stay in the sky
It is not possible that you can find clouds underground because clouds are always in the sky. never underground.
It is not possible that you can find clouds underground because clouds are up in the sky, not underground.
It is not possible that we added steel to keep the fire burning because steel is not flammable
It is not possible that we added steel to keep the fire burning because steel is not used for fire burning.
It is not possible that we added steel to keep the fire burning because fire is burning only to add wood.
It is not possible that it's ok to go when the traffic light is red because a red traffic light means stop
It is not possible that it's ok to go when the traffic light is red because you are only supposed to go on green.
It is not possible that it's ok to go when the traffic light is red because in the traffic light red color denotes stop.
It is not possible that people in the desert often look forward to flood because flood is a natural disaster and nobody wants it
It is not possible that people in the desert often look forward to flood because there is no reason to look forward to a flood because floods cause damage.
It is not possible that people in the desert often look forward to flood because deserts do not usually flood.
It is not possible that my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool because swimming pools don't have the wave that surfing needs
It is not possible that my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool because the swimming pool is for swimming, not surfing
It is not possible that my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool because swimming pools have no waves to surf
It is not possible that today i forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch because mouth is a part of the body and can't be forgotten
It is not possible that today i forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch because mouths aren't detachable.
It is not possible that today i forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch because don't bring the mouth because is the human organ
It is not possible that you need a compass to measure the distance because a compass is not a measuring tool
It is not possible that you need a compass to measure the distance because a compass does not measure distance
It is not possible that you need a compass to measure the distance because a compass does not measure distance.
It is not possible that her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me because being laughed at by others is a painful thing
It is not possible that her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me because a snide comment would hurt a person.
It is not possible that her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me because people are offended by negative comments on weight
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because the ground was covered by dry leaves after a storm
It is not possible that the ground was covered by wind after the storm because wind does not cover ground.
It is not possible that we can see different moon by traveling because there's only one moon in the world
It is not possible that we can see different moon by traveling because the earth has one moon.
It is not possible that we can see different moon by traveling because moon doesn't change
It is not possible that jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal because let others fall in love is not a crime
It is not possible that jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal because heart is not responsible to become anyone criminal.
It is not possible that jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal because stealing a heart is nearly impossible to physically do.
It is not possible that people smoke to get sick because nobody wants to get sick
It is not possible that people smoke to get sick because people do not want to be sick
It is not possible that people smoke to get sick because no people smoke to get sick
It is not possible that every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water because people wearing life jacket may still fall into the water
It is not possible that every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water because a life jacket wont stop you falling into the water but only stop you drowning
It is not possible that every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water because life jacket won't prevent a person from falling in water.
It is not possible that the drink is too iced so i dropped many ice cubes in because ice cubes will only make the drink more iced
It is not possible that the drink is too iced so i dropped many ice cubes in because you are not supposed to put any more ice cubes to a drink that is already too iced.
It is not possible that the drink is too iced so i dropped many ice cubes in because cold drinks doesn't need more ice
It is not possible that a good cooker can cook good food because cookers are tools to cook food
It is not possible that a good cooker can cook good food because good is only prepared by a good cook
It is not possible that a good cooker can cook good food because cooker is an appliance that alone cannot cook good food
It is not possible that we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village because there's no water in the wall
It is not possible that we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village because you dig in the ground to build a well.
It is not possible that we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village because we cannot dug the well on the wall.
It is not possible that he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly because smart people learn things fast
It is not possible that he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly because smart boys learn fast
It is not possible that he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly because smart boys do not learn slowly.
It is not possible that he can't walk with an injured hand because we don't use hand to walk
It is not possible that he can't walk with an injured hand because hands aren't used for walking
It is not possible that he can't walk with an injured hand because people don't use their hands to walk
It is not possible that i was so hungry that i ate the whole elephant because an elephant is too big for a human's stomach
It is not possible that i was so hungry that i ate the whole elephant because a person can not eat a whole elephant.
It is not possible that i was so hungry that i ate the whole elephant because elephant is huge for a human to eat
It is not possible that the chef is hired to eat food for customers because the chef's job is cooking
It is not possible that the chef is hired to eat food for customers because chef will prepare food for customers
It is not possible that the chef is hired to eat food for customers because the chef is supposed to cook food for the customers
It is not possible that he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone because it's very rude to yell at others
It is not possible that he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone because if anyone is yelling at everyone then he can not be nice.
It is not possible that he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone because nice people don't yell at everyone
It is not possible that my cat feeds me every day because animals can't prepare food for humans
It is not possible that my cat feeds me every day because people feed cats; cats don't feed people.
It is not possible that my cat feeds me every day because cats do not have the ability to feed people
It is not possible that i put on my clothes to take a shower because your body can't get clean with clothes worn
It is not possible that i put on my clothes to take a shower because you don't shower with clothes on
It is not possible that i put on my clothes to take a shower because when taking shower clothes have to be removed
It is not possible that tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning because a glass can't be reused after breaking in pieces
It is not possible that tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning because glass cannot be cleaned or reused after being smashed.
It is not possible that tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning because you can not use glass after it breaks.
It is not possible that i stored my boxes in a book because there's no space in a book to store boxes
It is not possible that i stored my boxes in a book because books can't store boxes
It is not possible that i stored my boxes in a book because the books are the ones that should be stored in the boxes.
It is not possible that you have to sing if you want to catch a fish because you can catch a fish without singing
It is not possible that you have to sing if you want to catch a fish because there is no need to sing to catch a fish
It is not possible that you have to sing if you want to catch a fish because you can't catch a fish by singing.
It is not possible that i need to go to the hospital to treat my tail because humans don't have tails
It is not possible that i need to go to the hospital to treat my tail because people don't have tails.
It is not possible that i need to go to the hospital to treat my tail because no human have tail in back
It is not possible that he got married and became a single man because married people are not single
It is not possible that he got married and became a single man because single men aren't married
It is not possible that he got married and became a single man because when he was got married he does not a single man
It is not possible that trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down because leaves have nothing to do with fixing trees
It is not possible that trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down because tree grow roots to prevent being knocked down.
It is not possible that trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down because leaves always fall down.
It is not possible that we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining because most people consider sunny day a pleasant thing
It is not possible that we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining because after many days of raining everyone will be happy to see that its sunny
It is not possible that we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining because rain is depressing, sun makes people happy
It is not possible that i'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs because people can't walk in the handrail
It is not possible that i'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs because elevators are used to upstairs
It is not possible that i'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs because the handrail would be attached to stairs or you would not need one
It is not possible that i applied for the job to relax because work is a burden for most people
It is not possible that i applied for the job to relax because you dont usually relax at work
It is not possible that i applied for the job to relax because you don't work to relax
It is not possible that i bought a new toothbrush to clean my face because toothbrush is used to clean teeth
It is not possible that i bought a new toothbrush to clean my face because a toothbrush is used to clean teeth not the face
It is not possible that i bought a new toothbrush to clean my face because a toothbrush is used to clean teeth
It is not possible that i used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach because rain isn't the main cause of drenching on the beach
It is not possible that i used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach because the beach is not usually visited in the rain
It is not possible that i used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach because umbrella avoid drenching from only rain
It is not possible that i hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets because ticket windows don't buy tickets from customers
It is not possible that i hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets because you buy tickets at a ticket window.
It is not possible that i hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets because you buy tickets from the ticket window
It is not possible that bad luck is part of the reason i can succeed because bad luck leads to bad things
It is not possible that bad luck is part of the reason i can succeed because good luck is part of success
It is not possible that bad luck is part of the reason i can succeed because one cannot succeed if they have a bad luck
It is not possible that i connected to the hi-fi to shop online because people can shop online without the hi-fi
It is not possible that i connected to the hi-fi to shop online because the hi-fi let you only listen to music
It is not possible that i connected to the hi-fi to shop online because we have to get connected wi-fi to shop online
It is not possible that alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project because being in charge of a project doesn't need laziness
It is not possible that alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project because usually who is responsible is not lazy
It is not possible that alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project because its against common sense because being in charge of a project does not require laziness. it requires the opposite.
It is not possible that as a butcher, i killed farmers every day because murder is against the law
It is not possible that as a butcher, i killed farmers every day because butcher will cut only meat not farmers
It is not possible that as a butcher, i killed farmers every day because butcher kill animals, not farmers.
It is not possible that tomato paste is common in the bathroom because the tomato paste is mostly used in the kitchen
It is not possible that tomato paste is common in the bathroom because tomato paste is not necessary in bathroom.
It is not possible that tomato paste is common in the bathroom because tomato paste should be put in the kitchen.
It is not possible that my baby needs a bottle of beer every day because babies don't need beer
It is not possible that my baby needs a bottle of beer every day because baby does not needs beer only milk
It is not possible that my baby needs a bottle of beer every day because a baby should be drinking milk and not a beer.
It is not possible that he brought a moon for his wife because no one can buy moon now
It is not possible that he brought a moon for his wife because moon is a planet that can't be bought
It is not possible that he brought a moon for his wife because moons cannot be handled
It is not possible that tom hunted a bear in the library because the library isn't the habitat of bears
It is not possible that tom hunted a bear in the library because in library we can't hunt animals its a place to read books
It is not possible that tom hunted a bear in the library because library is not an area in which you can hunt
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy because kitchen doesn't have sleep equipment
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy because no one sleep in the kitchen
It is not possible that he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy because going to the kitchen won't happen because feeling sleepy.
It is not possible that he was very sad when his pay raised because have higher payment is a good thing
It is not possible that he was very sad when his pay raised because people are usually happy when they get a raise.
It is not possible that he was very sad when his pay raised because if pay raised we should be happy.
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands because kangaroos stay in their mothers' pouch when they are young
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands because kangaroos delivers the baby by themselves
It is not possible that the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands because kangaroos don't have hands
It is not possible that we always drink apples at breakfast because apples are not liquid
It is not possible that we always drink apples at breakfast because you can not drink apples.
It is not possible that we always drink apples at breakfast because you cant drink an apple
It is not possible that i felt energetic after having expired food because expired food is bad for health
It is not possible that i felt energetic after having expired food because expired food would make you feel sick
It is not possible that i felt energetic after having expired food because because expired food an make you sick.
It is not possible that a credit card allows me not to pay money because you need to pay money back to the bank after using a credit card
It is not possible that a credit card allows me not to pay money because you may not be paying money now with a credit card, but you sure will pay eventually.
It is not possible that a credit card allows me not to pay money because the credit card is made for payments
It is not possible that i do homework every day to keep healthy because doing homework can't make you healthier
It is not possible that i do homework every day to keep healthy because homework and staying healthy are never a same thing
It is not possible that i do homework every day to keep healthy because homework doesn't contribute to health.
It is not possible that i built a car in the store because there's no equipment to build a car in the store
It is not possible that i built a car in the store because store is not the place to built a car
It is not possible that i built a car in the store because a car is built in a shop.
It is not possible that she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well because swimming is only a part of playing water ball
It is not possible that she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well because water polo need not to know swimming
It is not possible that she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well because it takes more than swimming to play water polo.
It is not possible that i swim well so i have an advantage in art because swimming is not a kind of art
It is not possible that i swim well so i have an advantage in art because swim will not help in art
It is not possible that i swim well so i have an advantage in art because swimming does not have anything to do with art.
It is not possible that her skin got whiter after sunbathing because sunlight can make skin darker
It is not possible that her skin got whiter after sunbathing because after sunbathing her skin would have got darker.
It is not possible that her skin got whiter after sunbathing because a tan makes your skin darker
It is not possible that i speeded up my car to park it because the faster a car runs the more difficult it is to stop it
It is not possible that i speeded up my car to park it because in order to park, a car needs to slow down
It is not possible that i speeded up my car to park it because to park a car, we slow down to a stop
It is not possible that i am looking for a new wife after being fired because what you lost is a job when you are fired
It is not possible that i am looking for a new wife after being fired because you don't find a new wife after losing a job
It is not possible that i am looking for a new wife after being fired because one does not look for a wife after being fired from a job.
It is not possible that you need hardware or software to surf the internet because we can't surf the internet with only hardware or software
It is not possible that you need hardware or software to surf the internet because you need both to surf the internet
It is not possible that you need hardware or software to surf the internet because software does not help you surf the internet.
It is not possible that i helped the robot to find its dad because robots are all from the factory
It is not possible that i helped the robot to find its dad because robot doesn't have father.
It is not possible that i helped the robot to find its dad because robots don't have parents
It is not possible that i prepared some fuel to power myself because humans don't eat fuel
It is not possible that i prepared some fuel to power myself because you can not use fuel to power humans.
It is not possible that i prepared some fuel to power myself because fuel is for cars.
It is not possible that policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home because criminals are punished by staying in prison
It is not possible that policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home because home does not have a jail
It is not possible that policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home because criminals go to jail
It is not possible that i will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if i'm alive because a person can't go to the hospital if he is dead
It is not possible that i will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if i'm alive because you cannot go to the hospital when you are dying.
It is not possible that i will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if i'm alive because you can't go anyware if you're not alive
It is not possible that i saw the sound of the birds because sound can't be seen
It is not possible that i saw the sound of the birds because we cant see the sound . we can only hear the sounds not only birds but any sounds
It is not possible that i saw the sound of the birds because you can't hear sounds
It is not possible that nurses take care of doctors because doctors don't need the care of nurses
It is not possible that nurses take care of doctors because nurses help doctors
It is not possible that nurses take care of doctors because nurses take care of patients
It is not possible that the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match because soccer field is used to play soccer
It is not possible that the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match because football isn't played in a soccer field
It is not possible that the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match because you are supposed to be watching a soccer match in a soccer field.
It is not possible that i called a taxi and paid for the car because taxi isn't a car for sale
It is not possible that i called a taxi and paid for the car because if i called a taxi they why paid for a car
It is not possible that i called a taxi and paid for the car because when you use a taxi, you pay just for the ride
It is not possible that i keep things messy so that i can find something quick because it's difficult to find things in a mass
It is not possible that i keep things messy so that i can find something quick because more clutter makes it harder to find things.
It is not possible that i keep things messy so that i can find something quick because it takes more time to find something in a messy place
It is not possible that i wore my wedding ring on my left foot because ring should be worn on the hand
It is not possible that i wore my wedding ring on my left foot because a wedding ring is worn on the left hand
It is not possible that i wore my wedding ring on my left foot because wedding rings are worn on hands.
It is not possible that a ruler can help you do sums faster because rulers can't calculate numbers
It is not possible that a ruler can help you do sums faster because a ruler is used for measuring, not arithmetic.
It is not possible that a ruler can help you do sums faster because a ruler can not add.
It is not possible that villagers planted a well to get water because the well is not a plant
It is not possible that villagers planted a well to get water because they can dig a well, but only a seed or plant can be planted.
It is not possible that villagers planted a well to get water because you dig a well, not plant it
It is not possible that i used steel to make a fish tank by myself because making fish tanks need transparent material
It is not possible that i used steel to make a fish tank by myself because a fish tank is not made out of steel.
It is not possible that i used steel to make a fish tank by myself because fish tanks are made of glass
It is not possible that i put my books in the wine rack because the wine rack isn't suitable for putting books
It is not possible that i put my books in the wine rack because books go on a bookshelf not on a wine rack.
It is not possible that i put my books in the wine rack because a wine rack is made to hold wine bottles.
It is not possible that everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her because we can't judge one's appearance by smelling
It is not possible that everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her because you can not be amazed from appearance by smelling a person.
It is not possible that everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her because an appearance is not related to smelling.
It is not possible that we need woods to produce erasers because erasers are made by rubber
It is not possible that we need woods to produce erasers because we cant make eraser with woods
It is not possible that we need woods to produce erasers because wood does not produce erasers.
It is not possible that i sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation because there's no sun light in the dressing room
It is not possible that i sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation because dressing rooms don't get sunlight
It is not possible that i sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation because a dressing room, even one of those tent things out on the beach, is not something you can get on to.
It is not possible that a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes because clothes dry very slow in a damp environment
It is not possible that a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes because you dry clothes when it is sunny day, not rainy.
It is not possible that a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes because wet is not suitable for dry the clothes
It is not possible that if you are robbed you should call the firefighter because firefighters are responsible for handling fires
It is not possible that if you are robbed you should call the firefighter because firefighter are called when buildings are on fire, not when you are robbed
It is not possible that if you are robbed you should call the firefighter because firefighters don't help with robbery
It is not possible that he had an operation on his mind yesterday because the mind is not a human organ
It is not possible that he had an operation on his mind yesterday because no one can have operation on their mind
It is not possible that he had an operation on his mind yesterday because one does not have an operation on their mind. it is impossible.
It is not possible that the bait is a very common dish for coastal people because the bait is not food for people
It is not possible that the bait is a very common dish for coastal people because although it may be the same thing, the term bait is used for animals, while the term food would be more appropriate for people.
It is not possible that the bait is a very common dish for coastal people because you use the bait to catch fish, not to eat.
It is not possible that i see a duck diving in the river because the duck can't dive in the water
It is not possible that i see a duck diving in the river because duck swim in the river.
It is not possible that i see a duck diving in the river because ducks swim in a river
It is not possible that i spent more time on having fun so i had better grades because having fun can't help you study better
It is not possible that i spent more time on having fun so i had better grades because spending more time on fun wont help for better grades it will degrade
It is not possible that i spent more time on having fun so i had better grades because you'd have to spend more time studying to have better grades
It is not possible that elisa was terrified bitten by a book because a book cannot bite
It is not possible that elisa was terrified bitten by a book because becausre she is lazy
It is not possible that elisa was terrified bitten by a book because a book is a non living thing and does not have a teeth and cannot bite.
It is not possible that i use the fork to cut the beef because the fork is not suitable for cutting
It is not possible that i use the fork to cut the beef because fork is not made for cut beef
It is not possible that i use the fork to cut the beef because forks can not cut beef.
It is not possible that eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight because eating too much can't help you lose weight
It is not possible that eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight because eating too much gains weight
It is not possible that eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight because you can not lose weight by eating too much.
It is not possible that she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school because parents want their kids to go to the best school
It is not possible that she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school because she will be happy when her son gets admitted to the best school.
It is not possible that she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school because she would be happy if he was admitted to the best school
It is not possible that wine cellars are not just for drinking because wine cellars are used to store wine
It is not possible that wine cellars are not just for drinking because you can't drink a wine cellar.
It is not possible that wine cellars are not just for drinking because wine is just for drinking
It is not possible that my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills because stimulant pills will make people feel more excited
It is not possible that my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills because stimulant pill is not needed for someone not asleep
It is not possible that my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills because stimulants make people alert and active, so grandpa would be unable to sleep after taking them.
It is not possible that i'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter because the policeman only handles crimes
It is not possible that i'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter because only postman can mail the letter and not the policeman
It is not possible that i'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter because postmen help you mail letters, not policemen.
It is not possible that every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy because cats don't eat bamboo
It is not possible that every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy because cats do not eat bamboo
It is not possible that every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy because cats don't eat bamboo.
It is not possible that we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare because zoos also collect common animals
It is not possible that we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare because by protecting pandas, the number of pandas will increase rather than decrease.
It is not possible that we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare because we protect pandas because they are rare, not that they are rare because they are in zoos.
It is not possible that she can become a model because she is out of shape because a model needs a good figure
It is not possible that she can become a model because she is out of shape because model should have fit shape.
It is not possible that she can become a model because she is out of shape because to become a model you should not be out of shape.
It is not possible that she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets because salt can't make food sweeter
It is not possible that she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets because salt is not sweet
It is not possible that she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets because salt is bitter, not sweet.
It is not possible that we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking because people can't hear others' mind
It is not possible that we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking because you aren't able to listen to what someone is thinking.
It is not possible that we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking because you cannot listen to and hear minds.
It is not possible that you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection because hats can't stop the infection
It is not possible that you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection because infection is spread through inner body
It is not possible that you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection because wearing a hat does not prevent the spread of infection.
It is not possible that i bought a razor for my mother as a gift because woman don't sprout a beard
It is not possible that i bought a razor for my mother as a gift because usually would buy a man a razor not a woman.
It is not possible that i bought a razor for my mother as a gift because females dont need to shave
It is not possible that you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing because the phone ringing means a call came in
It is not possible that you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing because when it rings you are supposed to pick it up.
It is not possible that you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing because you cant hang off a phone even when ringing
It is not possible that we agreed on a location before we had a call because calling doesn't require people to stay in the same place
It is not possible that we agreed on a location before we had a call because if you do not speak, you can not agree
It is not possible that we agreed on a location before we had a call because you can not agree to something with someone before you call someone."hitid
It is not possible that the root shelters us from the rain because the root grows underground
It is not possible that the root shelters us from the rain because a root is in the ground and helps plants collect nutrients and can't be used for shelter.
It is not possible that the root shelters us from the rain because roots are in the ground and cannot shelter peoole.
It is not possible that we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant because ordering too much food will cause food waste
It is not possible that we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant because most people order just what they can eat in a restaurant.
It is not possible that we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant because it's a waste of money if you can't eat it all and have to throw it out.
It is not possible that muslims do not eat pork because of the taste because islam doesn't allow believers to eat pork
It is not possible that muslims do not eat pork because of the taste because muslims don't eat pork because it's against their religion.
It is not possible that muslims do not eat pork because of the taste because muslims do not eat pork because it is forbidden in their religion.
It is not possible that coca-cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name because people are attracted by the taste of the drink
It is not possible that coca-cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name because coca cola was invented 132 years ago.
It is not possible that coca-cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name because coca cola hasn't been around for hundreds of years.
It is not possible that i just can't balance myself to drive the car because driving doesn't require drivers to balance themselves
It is not possible that i just can't balance myself to drive the car because driving a car doesn't require balance.
It is not possible that i just can't balance myself to drive the car because you don't need to balance to drive a car.
It is not possible that he grew up one year younger after every birthday because people can't grow younger
It is not possible that he grew up one year younger after every birthday because you grow older not younger.
It is not possible that he grew up one year younger after every birthday because we get older on our birthday.
It is not possible that air conditioning can change the brightness effectively because air conditioning is not used for lighting
It is not possible that air conditioning can change the brightness effectively because air conditioning affects the temperature making it cooler.
It is not possible that air conditioning can change the brightness effectively because air conditioning doesn't change lighting.
It is not possible that i got married after i found out that my wife had cheated on me because no one will marry an unfaithful woman
It is not possible that i got married after i found out that my wife had cheated on me because discovering infidelity in a relationship would not usually lead to marriage.
It is not possible that i got married after i found out that my wife had cheated on me because you can't marry someone who is already your wife.
It is not possible that i used the water to pack the pork because only solid can pack things
It is not possible that i used the water to pack the pork because water cannot pack anything as it is fluid
It is not possible that i used the water to pack the pork because water cannot be used to pack pork.
It is not possible that i need toothpaste to take a shower because toothpaste is used to brush teeth
It is not possible that i need toothpaste to take a shower because toothpaste is not necessary for a shower
It is not possible that i need toothpaste to take a shower because you do not use toothpaste as body soap or water
It is not possible that the heroine kisses the audience in this movie because people in the movie can't interact with the audience
It is not possible that the heroine kisses the audience in this movie because a movie heroine is not able to kiss a movie audience.
It is not possible that the heroine kisses the audience in this movie because actors in a movie cannot kiss their audience as they are on a screen.
It is not possible that people in the desert don't need water because everyone needs to drink water
It is not possible that people in the desert don't need water because as desert is the dry area the people over there needs plenty of water to drink.
It is not possible that people in the desert don't need water because people in the desert need water not to dehydrate
It is not possible that queuing is a punishment for destroying order because people who haven't made mistakes should also line up
It is not possible that queuing is a punishment for destroying order because queuing is part of order.
It is not possible that queuing is a punishment for destroying order because queuing is basically putting things in order.
It is not possible that ears are the organs we use to breathe because ears are used to listen
It is not possible that ears are the organs we use to breathe because there is no organ that we use to breath.
It is not possible that ears are the organs we use to breathe because we listen with our ears
It is not possible that we planted mines for a better world because mines kill people and make the world worse
It is not possible that we planted mines for a better world because mines hurt people
It is not possible that we planted mines for a better world because mines are destructive not beneficial.
It is not possible that running can improve our thinking ability because running improves our athletic ability
It is not possible that running can improve our thinking ability because running isn't a proven way to improve thinking.
It is not possible that running can improve our thinking ability because running promotes physical health not mental health.
It is not possible that spring is the season of harvest because spring is the season of sowing
It is not possible that spring is the season of harvest because spring is usually planting time, not harvesting time.
It is not possible that spring is the season of harvest because season of harvest is not spring
It is not possible that advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products because advertising is designed to attract people to buy products
It is not possible that advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products because advertising is used to market products to increase sales.
It is not possible that advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products because advertising is to get people to want to buy the product, not tell you what's wrong with it
It is not possible that she employs a chef because she can't drive because the chef can't help her drive her car
It is not possible that she employs a chef because she can't drive because a chef's job is cooking, not driving.
It is not possible that she employs a chef because she can't drive because a chef is a cook
It is not possible that it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother because speaking to mother is a normal thing
It is not possible that it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother because having talks with parents is nothing out of the ordinary, and therefore isn't much of an honor.
It is not possible that it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother because talking to your mother would be normal not a great honor
It is not possible that he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation because people can solve simple calculations by ourselves
It is not possible that he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation because if it is simple, you shouldn't need a calculator.
It is not possible that he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation because simple math can easily be done without a calculator
It is not possible that chatting with american is good for our chinese learning because american doesn't speak chinese
It is not possible that chatting with american is good for our chinese learning because americans speak english.
It is not possible that chatting with american is good for our chinese learning because american person does not help chinese learning.
It is not possible that farmers can pick up apples on the ground because books are not containers
It is not possible that farmers can pick up apples on the ground because apples grow on trees.
It is not possible that farmers can pick up apples on the ground because apples are grown up on the trees only
It is not possible that americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken english because standard english is easy to understand for americans
It is not possible that americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken english because english is the first language in america
It is not possible that americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken english because americans also known the standard spoken english
It is not possible that illness can be cured during routine physicals because routine physicals don't include any treatment
It is not possible that illness can be cured during routine physicals because physicals check for well being not curing.
It is not possible that illness can be cured during routine physicals because routine physicals do not cure illnesses.
It is not possible that i earned money by sleeping because nobody will pay you for sleeping
It is not possible that i earned money by sleeping because no way to make money without producing, just sleeping
It is not possible that i earned money by sleeping because we earn money from the work that we are employed in.
It is not possible that my father found that he was pregnant yesterday because only women can be pregnant
It is not possible that my father found that he was pregnant yesterday because males are not pregnant
It is not possible that my father found that he was pregnant yesterday because men cant get pregnant
It is not possible that my nice wearing left a bad impression on him because people admire those wearing nicely
It is not possible that my nice wearing left a bad impression on him because you don't wear nice.
It is not possible that my nice wearing left a bad impression on him because wearing something nice would make a good impression on somebody.
It is not possible that my new day began with a beautiful afternoon because afternoon comes later than morning in a day
It is not possible that my new day began with a beautiful afternoon because the day begins in the morning.
It is not possible that my new day began with a beautiful afternoon because day begins with sunrise
It is not possible that i bought some beds to open a cafe because the cafe is not a place to sleep
It is not possible that i bought some beds to open a cafe because beds are not needed to open up a cafe, you should buy table.
It is not possible that i bought some beds to open a cafe because cafe's don't have beds, you don't sleep or lie down in a cafe.
It is not possible that rice is the main food for all the people because not everyone eats rice
It is not possible that rice is the main food for all the people because rice isn't a main food for all people.
It is not possible that rice is the main food for all the people because all people do not eat rice
It is not possible that the game company makes games for encouragement because people set up companies to make money
It is not possible that the game company makes games for encouragement because games are for fun not encouragement.
It is not possible that the game company makes games for encouragement because games are made for profit.
It is not possible that the shopping mall is filled with car parks because the shopping mall is mainly used for shopping
It is not possible that the shopping mall is filled with car parks because there are no car parks on the inside of a shopping mall.
It is not possible that the shopping mall is filled with car parks because the shopping mall should be filled with shoppers, not car parks.
It is not possible that the poem used many beautiful pictures because a poem is made of words
It is not possible that the poem used many beautiful pictures because poems use words not pictures.
It is not possible that the poem used many beautiful pictures because poems dont use pictures
It is not possible that a wall without touching the sky is impossible because no wall can touch the sky
It is not possible that a wall without touching the sky is impossible because walls don't touch the sky
It is not possible that a wall without touching the sky is impossible because a wall cannot touch the sky.
It is not possible that the handle on the door is for decoration because the handle on the door is a very practical thing
It is not possible that the handle on the door is for decoration because handles are functional not decorated.
It is not possible that the handle on the door is for decoration because a handle on a dorr helps open the door, it is not for pure decoration.
It is not possible that newspapers are printed by journalists because journalists write articles in a newspaper
It is not possible that newspapers are printed by journalists because journalists write the contents of a newspaper, they do not print it.
It is not possible that newspapers are printed by journalists because a printer is the person who prints a newspaper.
It is not possible that i need to buy a cd to watch videos at home because a cd can't store videos
It is not possible that i need to buy a cd to watch videos at home because a cd isn't used for video.
It is not possible that i need to buy a cd to watch videos at home because cds contain music, not videos
It is not possible that you can download a wrench on the internet to fix the windows because hardware can't be downloaded
It is not possible that you can download a wrench on the internet to fix the windows because physical objects cannot be downloaded from the internet
It is not possible that you can download a wrench on the internet to fix the windows because wrenches are physical tools, not virtual ones.
It is not possible that i bought a headphone to share the music with others because the headphone is a private music player
It is not possible that i bought a headphone to share the music with others because one headphone won't allow you to share with other people.
It is not possible that i bought a headphone to share the music with others because headphones are used on your ears so only you can hear the music.
It is not possible that my parents went to the same public toilet just now because public toilets are divided by different genders
It is not possible that my parents went to the same public toilet just now because public toilets are usually separate for males and femals.
It is not possible that my parents went to the same public toilet just now because men and women having two separate toilets, they cannot went same toilet
It is not possible that my mother asks me to litter my room every day because parents want their kids' rooms clean and tidy
It is not possible that my mother asks me to litter my room every day because rooms should be cleaned every day and not littered in.
It is not possible that my mother asks me to litter my room every day because moms want rooms to be clean, not dirty.
It is not possible that programmers plant crops every day to earn money because programmers are not farmers
It is not possible that programmers plant crops every day to earn money because programmers design software not farm.
It is not possible that programmers plant crops every day to earn money because programmers program computers and software, but do not plant crops for money.
It is not possible that you don't need learning to be a musician because musicians need to have a lot of professional knowledge
It is not possible that you don't need learning to be a musician because it requires year of learning and practice
It is not possible that you don't need learning to be a musician because a musician must learn music.
It is not possible that the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment because libraries are not used for sleeping
It is not possible that the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment because the library is a public place where it is frowned upon to sleep.
It is not possible that the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment because library is for reading
It is not possible that i'm writing code on the paper because code on the paper can't run
It is not possible that i'm writing code on the paper because code is not written on paper.
It is not possible that i'm writing code on the paper because code is written on a computer.
It is not possible that i used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly because plastic bags have caused many environmental problems
It is not possible that i used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly because plastic bags are harmful to the environment.
It is not possible that i used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly because plastic itself is not good for the environment.
It is not possible that we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight because the sun is on the other side of the earth in the night
It is not possible that we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight because there is no sunlight at night.
It is not possible that we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight because the sun sets at night making it dark.
It is not possible that soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle because fatigues are used to camouflage something
It is not possible that soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle because why do soldiers should be attractive in the jungle wearing fatigues this is against common sense.
It is not possible that soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle because fatigues help soldiers blend in with the environment they are in.
It is not possible that i gradually recalled something due to the memory decay because recalling something requires a good memory
It is not possible that i gradually recalled something due to the memory decay because memory decay would cause one to lose memories, not help with them.
It is not possible that i gradually recalled something due to the memory decay because memory decay doesn't allow for recall.
It is not possible that japanese has borrowed heavily from barking because barking is not a human language
It is not possible that japanese has borrowed heavily from barking because japanese cannot has borrowed anything heavily from barking.
It is not possible that japanese has borrowed heavily from barking because barking is sound of dog.
It is not possible that i need a stamp to send this email because sending emails doesn't need stamps
It is not possible that i need a stamp to send this email because you don't need a stamp to send an email.
It is not possible that i need a stamp to send this email because stamps are for standard mail, not electronic mail.
It is not possible that i encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness because walking alone in darkness is considered a dangerous thing
It is not possible that i encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness because it's not considered safe to walk alone in the darkness.
It is not possible that i encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness because people, especially women, should not be encouraged to walk alone in the dark.
It is not possible that the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet because rain can't get into people's heads
It is not possible that the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet because your brain is inside your head and cannot get wet
It is not possible that the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet because your brain is completey covered by your skull and skin.
It is not possible that i can't live without snacks because you can eat other food to live
It is not possible that i can't live without snacks because snacks are not necessities for life
It is not possible that i can't live without snacks because a person can live without eating snacks.
It is not possible that this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees because apples are what we need in apple trees
It is not possible that this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees because we don't pick leaves from apple trees.
It is not possible that this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees because the apple is the fruit that we harvest from apple trees.
It is not possible that stone can warp the paper because stone is not flexible
It is not possible that stone can warp the paper because stone cannot warp paper, water can
It is not possible that stone can warp the paper because stone would likely rip through paper.
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because it's always extremely cold on the south pole
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because the south pole is incredibly cold
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because the south pole doesn't have so called proper temperature.
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because farther distance is a disadvantage
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because the south pole is incredibly cold
It is not possible that proper temperature can be found on the south pole because the south pole doesn't have so called proper temperature.
It is not possible that i felt happy again after eating terrible food because nobody wants terrible food
It is not possible that i felt happy again after eating terrible food because terrible food makes you feel bad which does not lead to happiness.
It is not possible that i felt happy again after eating terrible food because terrible food wouldn't cause happiness.
It is not possible that i need inspirations to clean bowls because cleaning bowls is not a creative work
It is not possible that i need inspirations to clean bowls because cleaning is necessary and doesn't require inspiration.
It is not possible that i need inspirations to clean bowls because cleaning a bowl does not require inspiration.
It is not possible that the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house because uniforms don't have any legal effect
It is not possible that the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house because searching house is not the police duty
It is not possible that the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house because wearing police uniform is not mean they have the right to search they wish
It is not possible that i lit my house to warm myself because i will have no place to stay if i burn my house
It is not possible that i lit my house to warm myself because you wouldn't light your house for warmth, but rather the fireplace within your home.
It is not possible that i lit my house to warm myself because lighting your house will ruin your house.
It is not possible that the flowers are crying because only animals can cry
It is not possible that the flowers are crying because flowers physically can not cry.
It is not possible that the flowers are crying because flowers don't cry
It is not possible that we can talk with dogs because dogs can't speak humans' language
It is not possible that we can talk with dogs because dogs cannot talk.
It is not possible that we can talk with dogs because dogs cannot speak to us.
It is not possible that he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses because sunglasses are used in sunny days
It is not possible that he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses because sunglasses don't help with the rain.
It is not possible that he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses because you carry an umbrella for rain.
It is not possible that i brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty because brushing your teeth can make your teeth cleaner
It is not possible that i brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty because you brush teeth to keep them clean
It is not possible that i brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty because brushing teeth cleans them.
It is not possible that we can use fabricated data in scientific researches because scientific research should be realistic
It is not possible that we can use fabricated data in scientific researches because scientific research uses true information.
It is not possible that we can use fabricated data in scientific researches because fabricated data will cause research to be invalid
It is not possible that we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road because traffic lights tell us if we can go across the road
It is not possible that we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road because if you ignore traffic signals you could be injured or injure others.
It is not possible that we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road because it is dangerous to ignore traffic lights.
It is not possible that the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside because the city doesn't have the conditions for agriculture
It is not possible that the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside because the countryside is agricultural, not the city.
It is not possible that the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside because buildings are found in cities.
It is not possible that we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people because dead people can't speak anymore
It is not possible that we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people because you cannot talk to people that are dead, they do not respond.
It is not possible that we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people because the dead don't talk
It is not possible that my best friend was in my lost wallet because wallet is too small for a person
It is not possible that my best friend was in my lost wallet because a human does not fit in a walet
It is not possible that my best friend was in my lost wallet because your friend can't fit in a wallet.
It is not possible that if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends because the thing we picked up doesn't belong to us
It is not possible that if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends because if you find a wallet, you should return it.
It is not possible that if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends because if someone retrieves someone else's wallet, it should be returned to them.
It is not possible that the climate is a part of a nation's culture because the climate is not created by humans
It is not possible that the climate is a part of a nation's culture because climate not depends on culture
It is not possible that the climate is a part of a nation's culture because climate doesn't generally have a huge impact on culture.
It is not possible that everyone has expensive fingerprints because no one will pay for fingerprints
It is not possible that everyone has expensive fingerprints because an actual finger print does not cost anything
It is not possible that everyone has expensive fingerprints because nobody pays for fingerprints because we are born with them.
It is not possible that my heads hurt because a person only has one head
It is not possible that my heads hurt because people only have one head
It is not possible that my heads hurt because people only have 1 head
It is not possible that i found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit because the lipstick is not a medical product
It is not possible that i found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit because lipstick is not a first-aid item.
It is not possible that i found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit because lipstick is not a first aid
It is not possible that i fed pork to my wheat because crops don't eat meat
It is not possible that i fed pork to my wheat because wheat does not eat meat
It is not possible that i fed pork to my wheat because wheat cant eat
It is not possible that my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer because plum blossoms only exist in winter
It is not possible that my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer because plum blossoms do not blossom in the summer, they blossom in spring.
It is not possible that my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer because plums don't blossom in the summer.
It is not possible that i bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter because desert can't be sold in shopping malls
It is not possible that i bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter because you cannot buy a land mass at the mall.
It is not possible that i bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter because desert cannot be purchased by anyone as it is a type of place
It is not possible that low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat because low-calorie food provides less energy to people
It is not possible that low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat because people get fat by taking high calorie food not the low calorie food
It is not possible that low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat because only high calories make fat not low calories
It is not possible that the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed because chickens are not mammals
It is not possible that the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed because birds feed their chicks using their beaks.
It is not possible that the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed because chicken do not breast feed their young
It is not possible that humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology because advanced medical technology keeps more people away from death
It is not possible that humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology because medical technology has lengthened the human life.
It is not possible that humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology because medical technology has prolonged the lifespan of humans.
It is not possible that one day humans will settle on another star because stars are not solid objects
It is not possible that one day humans will settle on another star because there is not another star fit for human life.
It is not possible that one day humans will settle on another star because humans live on a planet
It is not possible that sailors work on the land because sailors work in ships and ships always float on the water
It is not possible that sailors work on the land because sailors sail, on the water.
It is not possible that sailors work on the land because sailors work at sea.
It is not possible that teachers assign housework to the students because housework has little to do with what students learn in school
It is not possible that teachers assign housework to the students because teachers do not assign houseworks, they assign homework.
It is not possible that teachers assign housework to the students because teachers assign homework.
It is not possible that appearance is not very important for actors because being actors has a high requirement for appearance
It is not possible that appearance is not very important for actors because actors use apperance in an important way for their craft.
It is not possible that appearance is not very important for actors because an actors appearance is very important to their role.
It is not possible that normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party because normal things can't attract people's attention
It is not possible that normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party because wearing something normal does not usually cause people to notice you.
It is not possible that normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party because if you are normal you don't stand out
It is not possible that wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect because a party hat shows disrespect at a funeral
It is not possible that wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect because a party hat would be inappropriate because funerals are not happy occasions.
It is not possible that wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect because it would be rude to wear party attire to a funeral.
It is not possible that you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice because nice dress will make one feel confident
It is not possible that you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice because dressing nicely will boost confidence.
It is not possible that you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice because every one feel good when dress is nice
It is not possible that i cut my hair longer at the barber's because we can't make hair longer by cutting
It is not possible that i cut my hair longer at the barber's because you cut things shorter
It is not possible that i cut my hair longer at the barber's because cutting hair makes it shorter, not longer.
It is not possible that i can count the number of stars in the sky because there are too many stars to count in the sky
It is not possible that i can count the number of stars in the sky because there are innumerable stars in the sky, and the naked eye can't come close to seeing every star existing in the sky.
It is not possible that i can count the number of stars in the sky because it is impossible to count the vast number of stars in the sky.
It is not possible that we can't breathe in the water because i don't have tails because the tail is not used to breathe
It is not possible that we can't breathe in the water because i don't have tails because having tails won't help anyone breathe in the water.
It is not possible that we can't breathe in the water because i don't have tails because tails don't impact breathing in or out of the water.
It is not possible that i could drink the whiskey on his breath because we can't drink other people's breath
It is not possible that i could drink the whiskey on his breath because you cannot drink breath.
It is not possible that i could drink the whiskey on his breath because you can smell, not drink, an odor.
It is not possible that i sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend because the trunk is used for storage
It is not possible that i sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend because you don't ride in the trunk of a taxi.
It is not possible that i sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend because you don't sit in the trunk of a taxi.
It is not possible that chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers because gloves will make chefs' hands less agile
It is not possible that chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers because they should wear them while preparing food.
It is not possible that chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers because gloves are meant for weather not cooking
It is not possible that people go to jail because they don't want freedom because giving up the right of freedom is not the reason people go to jail
It is not possible that people go to jail because they don't want freedom because jails are for people who have committed crimes.
It is not possible that people go to jail because they don't want freedom because people go to jail as punishment due to committing a crime.
It is not possible that i saw snow in singapore in june because it's summer in june in singapore
It is not possible that i saw snow in singapore in june because it does not snow in singapore during june.
It is not possible that i saw snow in singapore in june because it does not snow in the summer.
It is not possible that an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days because we don't wear umbrellas
It is not possible that an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days because umbrellas keep you dry not warm
It is not possible that an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days because an umbrella does not provide warmth.
It is not possible that the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus because campuses are too small to use planes
It is not possible that the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus because airplanes do not fly close to buildings.
It is not possible that the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus because a plane is not used for transportation on campus.
It is not possible that fans were sad when their team scored a goal because scoring goals means your team can win the game
It is not possible that fans were sad when their team scored a goal because supporters were happy to see their team score
It is not possible that fans were sad when their team scored a goal because fans would celebrate a goal being scored.
It is not possible that i got a scholarship for cheating in the exam because people should be punished rather than rewarded for cheating
It is not possible that i got a scholarship for cheating in the exam because cheaters don't win
It is not possible that i got a scholarship for cheating in the exam because there's not a scholarship for cheating.
It is not possible that the hot weather made me keep bleeding because people only bleed when they are injured
It is not possible that the hot weather made me keep bleeding because hot weather would make you sweat, not bleed.
It is not possible that the hot weather made me keep bleeding because hot weather does not increase bleeding tendency.
It is not possible that you don't need to try out products when you shop online because people do need to try out products when they are shopping
It is not possible that you don't need to try out products when you shop online because you can't try out products when you shop online
It is not possible that you don't need to try out products when you shop online because you should try out products regardless of how you buy them.
It is not possible that reading can make driving a joyful thing because drivers can't read books when they are driving
It is not possible that reading can make driving a joyful thing because you cannot safely read and drive at the same time.
It is not possible that reading can make driving a joyful thing because when driving, we must focus our eyes on the road ahead of us.
It is not possible that everyone said i had two beautiful mouths because a human only has one mouth
It is not possible that everyone said i had two beautiful mouths because humans have just one mouth.
It is not possible that everyone said i had two beautiful mouths because people only have one mouth.
It is not possible that cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running because cat walking is used by models in the show
It is not possible that cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running because marathon is only depends by the persons confidants
It is not possible that cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running because cat walking has no positive effect on running a marathon.
It is not possible that both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies because the atmosphere in funerals is sad
It is not possible that both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies because funerals are sad events.
It is not possible that both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies because funeral is not a happy occasion
It is not possible that i often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when i was a boy because chalk is used to write on the blackboards
It is not possible that i often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when i was a boy because chalk is for writing on chalkboards.
It is not possible that i often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when i was a boy because chalk is not used on an ipad
It is not possible that his father died for giving birth to him because men can't have childbirth
It is not possible that his father died for giving birth to him because fathers do not give birth
It is not possible that his father died for giving birth to him because a father cant give birth
It is not possible that gardeners grow crops in gardens because growing crops is farmers' job
It is not possible that gardeners grow crops in gardens because farmers grow crops
It is not possible that gardeners grow crops in gardens because gardeners is always grow the garden's plants only
It is not possible that i use photoshop to change the color of my room because photoshop can't change the colors in the real world
It is not possible that i use photoshop to change the color of my room because photoshop cannot change the color of something in the real world.
It is not possible that i use photoshop to change the color of my room because photoshop edits images on a computer.
It is not possible that i can't forget the night that i saw cells with telescope because telescopes are used to observe things far away
It is not possible that i can't forget the night that i saw cells with telescope because a telescope cannot view cells
It is not possible that i can't forget the night that i saw cells with telescope because cells are watched through microscope
It is not possible that i burned myself accidentally when i was taking a shower because we don't use fire when we take a shower
It is not possible that i burned myself accidentally when i was taking a shower because you cannot burn yourself when taking a shower, you would use while.
It is not possible that i burned myself accidentally when i was taking a shower because shower water doesnt get hot enough to burn
It is not possible that every time i hang out at the cinema i will get drunk because the cinema is a place for watching movies rather than drinking
It is not possible that every time i hang out at the cinema i will get drunk because public intoxication is illegal.
It is not possible that every time i hang out at the cinema i will get drunk because drinking at the cinema isn't possible everywhere.
It is not possible that i gave birth to my grandson because it's my children giving birth to my grandchildren
It is not possible that i gave birth to my grandson because it is highly unlikely to naturally conceive and give birth to your grandson,
It is not possible that i gave birth to my grandson because giving birth to him would make him your son, not grandson.
It is not possible that you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights because you need your passport only when you are abroad
It is not possible that you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights because you do not need your passport for domestic flights.
It is not possible that you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights because a passport is not needed for domestic flights.
It is not possible that i'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle because bicycles don't consume fuel
It is not possible that i'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle because bicycles do not need gasoline.
It is not possible that i'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle because bicycles don't need fuel.
It is not possible that i refused to drive after drinking gas because humans can't drink gas
It is not possible that i refused to drive after drinking gas because gas is fuel for cars.
It is not possible that i refused to drive after drinking gas because drinking gas would kill you.
It is not possible that mushrooms are a very rare dish in asia because most people can get mushrooms to eat easily
It is not possible that mushrooms are a very rare dish in asia because mushrooms aren't rare.
It is not possible that mushrooms are a very rare dish in asia because mushrooms are very common in asia
It is not possible that we can change our fingerprints when we want because humans' fingerprints can't be changed
It is not possible that we can change our fingerprints when we want because fingerprints are the same from the time you are born
It is not possible that we can change our fingerprints when we want because it is not possible to change our fingerprint
It is not possible that flu can spread easily through eye contact because the disease can't spread through eye contact
It is not possible that flu can spread easily through eye contact because flu is spread through the air and through bodily fluid contact.
It is not possible that flu can spread easily through eye contact because the flu spreads by droplets, not eye contact.
It is not possible that my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time because only females menstruate
It is not possible that my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time because boys do not menstruate
It is not possible that my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time because men and boys do not menstruate.
It is not possible that waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering because waterfalls are not created by humans
It is not possible that waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering because waterfalls are usually a natural occurrence and not a result of engineering.
It is not possible that waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering because waterfalls are natural occurrences
It is not possible that i'm so busy that i haven't slept for two years because it's impossible for people not to sleep for two years
It is not possible that i'm so busy that i haven't slept for two years because no one could survive without sleeping for two years.
It is not possible that i'm so busy that i haven't slept for two years because the body could not go that long without sleep.
It is not possible that we can't breathe without the noses because we can also use mouth to breathe
It is not possible that we can't breathe without the noses because we don't have multiple noses.
It is not possible that we can't breathe without the noses because noses are not all we need to breathe.
It is not possible that i brought my friendship to float in the sea because friendship is not a ship
It is not possible that i brought my friendship to float in the sea because friendship cannot be floated in sea
It is not possible that i brought my friendship to float in the sea because friendships don't float.
It is not possible that he won a prize as best thief because no one will award the thief
It is not possible that he won a prize as best thief because thieves are convicted of crimes.
It is not possible that he won a prize as best thief because a thief isn't given a prize.
It is not possible that i don't know what's my real gender because people know their genders
It is not possible that i don't know what's my real gender because everyone knows what their gender at birth was, even if they do not later identify with it in any way.
It is not possible that i don't know what's my real gender because you only have one real gender at birth.
It is not possible that joel said hello to his kids before traveling to africa because people say goodbye to each other when they are about to be separated
It is not possible that joel said hello to his kids before traveling to africa because when going away, you say "bye", not "hello"
It is not possible that joel said hello to his kids before traveling to africa because joel would say goodbye, not hello.
It is not possible that you will find a payment counter in a police station because the police station is not a place of consumption
It is not possible that you will find a payment counter in a police station because the police are not paid for their services by private citizens.
It is not possible that you will find a payment counter in a police station because the police station does not have a payment counter
It is not possible that writing a story requires a beautiful voice because voice is useless in writing a story
It is not possible that writing a story requires a beautiful voice because you don't need a physical voice to write a story.
It is not possible that writing a story requires a beautiful voice because writing is prose not vocals.
It is not possible that a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place because life jackets are used to float in water
It is not possible that a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place because life jackets are for use in the water.
It is not possible that a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place because a life jacket can stop you from drowning, but it won't help you in a fall from a high place.
It is not possible that i love my girlfriend and i want to break up with her because people don't want to break up with their lovers
It is not possible that i love my girlfriend and i want to break up with her because if you love someone you wouldn't want to break up with them.
It is not possible that i love my girlfriend and i want to break up with her because you dont breakup with someone you love.
It is not possible that humans can be identified by their unique names because different people may have the same names
It is not possible that humans can be identified by their unique names because many humans have the same names.
It is not possible that humans can be identified by their unique names because human names are not unique, their fingerprints are.
It is not possible that it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up because the rain will bring water to the river
It is not possible that it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up because the river can't dry up during a long rain.
It is not possible that it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up because the river would flood with lots of rain.
It is not possible that i attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings because the concert is a music activity
It is not possible that i attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings because concerts don't generally involve paintings but music.
It is not possible that i attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings because concerts are for music.
It is not possible that music is a form of artist because artists are humans
It is not possible that music is a form of artist because an artist is a person.
It is not possible that music is a form of artist because music is not a person
It is not possible that a plastic stove is a heat source because plastic can't burn
It is not possible that a plastic stove is a heat source because a plastic stove is a toy
It is not possible that a plastic stove is a heat source because a plastic stove can not actually produce heat without melting.
It is not possible that where knowledge begins, science ends because knowledge promotes the development of science
It is not possible that where knowledge begins, science ends because science is our main source of knowledge.
It is not possible that where knowledge begins, science ends because science is knowledge.
It is not possible that many animals eat air but humans don't because air can't provide energy
It is not possible that many animals eat air but humans don't because air is not a food or drink
It is not possible that many animals eat air but humans don't because air isn't edible
It is not possible that i need to bring my kitchenware when i go to the restaurant because i don't need to cook in the restaurant
It is not possible that i need to bring my kitchenware when i go to the restaurant because the restaurant should provide kitchenware.
It is not possible that i need to bring my kitchenware when i go to the restaurant because restaurants supply all the kitchenware you will need because they are preparing and serving the food.
It is not possible that i am so unlucky to find my true love because finding true love is a very lucky thing
It is not possible that i am so unlucky to find my true love because finding your true love is lucky.
It is not possible that i am so unlucky to find my true love because you would be lucky to find true love.
It is not possible that the sun rises sometimes in china because the sun shines on china every day
It is not possible that the sun rises sometimes in china because the sun rises every day for every country.
It is not possible that the sun rises sometimes in china because the sun rises all the time not just sometimes
It is not possible that i called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room because drug trafficking is illegal
It is not possible that i called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room because drugs are ordered from a pharmacy.
It is not possible that i called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room because a front counter would not ordinarily deliver drugs to somebody's room.
It is not possible that they have reserved a table for us in the theatre because reserving tables happens in the restaurant
It is not possible that they have reserved a table for us in the theatre because in the theater there are only seats for reservations.
It is not possible that they have reserved a table for us in the theatre because a theater usually only has seating and no tables.
It is not possible that i promised to help my boyfriend because i was too busy because being too busy can't be the reason you help others
It is not possible that i promised to help my boyfriend because i was too busy because you can't help anyone when you're too busy.
It is not possible that i promised to help my boyfriend because i was too busy because if you're too busy you won't have time to help your boyfriend.
It is not possible that football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves because short sleeves have poor protection
It is not possible that football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves because football players wear padding to protect themselves.
It is not possible that football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves because short sleeves will not protect you
It is not possible that i want to make an appointment for a facial last week because you can only make appointments for future events
It is not possible that i want to make an appointment for a facial last week because it's impossible to go back in time to make an appointment
It is not possible that i want to make an appointment for a facial last week because you can only make appointment for the future not for the past
It is not possible that plastic surgery is for health because plastic surgery can't make you healthier
It is not possible that plastic surgery is for health because plastic surgery is often elective and for cosmetic purposes.
It is not possible that plastic surgery is for health because plastic surgery is cosmetic
It is not possible that human liver is an expensive ingredient because human liver is not an ingredient
It is not possible that human liver is an expensive ingredient because the human liver isn't an ingredient but an organ.
It is not possible that human liver is an expensive ingredient because the human liver is not used as an ingredient.
It is not possible that some ingredients are expensive because it's common because easy to get will make things cheap
It is not possible that some ingredients are expensive because it's common because rare ingredients would be expensive.
It is not possible that some ingredients are expensive because it's common because common ingredients are inexpensive.
It is not possible that ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten because taking pictures can't make ingredients edible
It is not possible that ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten because just add the ingredients dont take pictures
It is not possible that ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten because ingredients do not require photographing before eating.
It is not possible that i was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good because people expect good things when the price is high
It is not possible that i was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good because food that tastes good usually makes people happy.
It is not possible that i was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good because you would be happy for tasty food
It is not possible that burying garbage is a green lifestyle because landfill will pollute the soil
It is not possible that burying garbage is a green lifestyle because just burying garbage does not equate with a green lifestyle, you need to recycle.
It is not possible that burying garbage is a green lifestyle because burying garbage is the complete opposite of a green lifestyle.
It is not possible that thanks to the leather belt i survived in the car accident because leather belt is used for dressing
It is not possible that thanks to the leather belt i survived in the car accident because seat belts are used in cars, not leather belts.
It is not possible that thanks to the leather belt i survived in the car accident because a leather belt wouldn't affect a car accident.
It is not possible that starving people care little about food sources because starving people need food sources to fill their stomachs
It is not possible that starving people care little about food sources because starving people worry about where to get food
It is not possible that starving people care little about food sources because a person that is starving is interested in food sources.
It is not possible that natural disaster will pity rich people because money is useless in natural disasters
It is not possible that natural disaster will pity rich people because natural disasters have no mind and can't pity or favor anyone or anything.
It is not possible that natural disaster will pity rich people because natural disasters dont have feelings
It is not possible that a campfire can be nice in a cold tent because the campfire will burn the tent
It is not possible that a campfire can be nice in a cold tent because campfire cannot be done in a tent as it catches fire.
It is not possible that a campfire can be nice in a cold tent because a campfire would melt a tent.
It is not possible that boys usually can't wear dress in china because skirts can be worn on boys
It is not possible that boys usually can't wear dress in china because all boys are well dressed now a days
It is not possible that boys usually can't wear dress in china because boys don't generally wear dresses anywhere.
It is not possible that i need fuel to power my smart watch because smart watches don't consume fuel
It is not possible that i need fuel to power my smart watch because fuel is used to car not to watch
It is not possible that i need fuel to power my smart watch because smart watch needs electricity to charge.
It is not possible that i spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet because sleeping can't help you get off the jet
It is not possible that i spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet because sleeping has no effect on disembarking from an airplane.
It is not possible that i spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet because you must be awake to get off the jet
It is not possible that gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day because watering the leaves is meaningless
It is not possible that gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day because water is needed on the roots of the tree which are underground.
It is not possible that gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day because gardeners would water the roots
It is not possible that i wanted to quit them because i enjoyed chatting with them because i can't chat with them if i quit them
It is not possible that i wanted to quit them because i enjoyed chatting with them because if you enjoy them you would not want to quit
It is not possible that i wanted to quit them because i enjoyed chatting with them because if you enjoyed chatting with them you wouldn't want to "quit them."
It is not possible that he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman because homosexuals love people of the same gender
It is not possible that he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman because gay men love other men
It is not possible that he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman because a gay person is attracted to a person of the same sex.
It is not possible that weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance because cute appearance doesn't prevent weighing
It is not possible that weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance because weighing something has nothing to do with how it looks
It is not possible that weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance because wighing an elephant is difficult because of its size
It is not possible that the malignant tumor doesn't have fatal harm for you because the malignant tumor kills the patients easily
It is not possible that the malignant tumor doesn't have fatal harm for you because malignant tumors are often fatal.
It is not possible that the malignant tumor doesn't have fatal harm for you because malignant tumors are normally fatal
It is not possible that kids catch butterflies for food because butterflies are not food for human
It is not possible that kids catch butterflies for food because butterfly is not an edible thing
It is not possible that kids catch butterflies for food because butterflies are not edible
It is not possible that drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter because it's impossible for people to grow shorter
It is not possible that drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter because drinking milk may help teenagers bones, but the teenager would not grow shorter.
It is not possible that drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter because milk is good for growing taller
It is not possible that i used to take notes on the pens because pens have no space to take notes
It is not possible that i used to take notes on the pens because pen is used to write not to take something
It is not possible that i used to take notes on the pens because you write with pens not on them.
It is not possible that i use a knife to eat rice because eating rice doesn't need to cut
It is not possible that i use a knife to eat rice because knives are used for cutting food or spreading things on to food items, not for eating rice or other foods.
It is not possible that i use a knife to eat rice because a knife will not allow you to scoop any rice up.
It is not possible that students need to write their scores on the examination paper because scores are written by teachers on the paper
It is not possible that students need to write their scores on the examination paper because teachers grade examination papers and write the score, not students.
It is not possible that students need to write their scores on the examination paper because students write their answers, not scores.
It is not possible that perming will make your hair longer because perming can't change the length of hair
It is not possible that perming will make your hair longer because receiving a perm will not lengthen your hair.
It is not possible that perming will make your hair longer because curling your hair doesn't make it grow.
It is not possible that twins died on the same day because twins don't necessarily die at the same time
It is not possible that twins died on the same day because twins are born on the same day
It is not possible that twins died on the same day because twins are born on the same day to the same mother.
It is not possible that one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather because any things that are one kilogram are equally heavy
It is not possible that one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather because a kilogram of stone and a kilogram of feathers weigh the same.
It is not possible that one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather because no one measure the weight of feather
It is not possible that it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day because air conditioning can warm up a room
It is not possible that it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day because in cold weather a heater is used
It is not possible that it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day because air conditioning isn't needed when it's already cold.
It is not possible that we need different passports to visit different countries because one person only has one legal passport
It is not possible that we need different passports to visit different countries because you can visit different countries with the same passport.
It is not possible that we need different passports to visit different countries because no need to want multiple passport
It is not possible that people doing noble things are really selfish because noble things include unselfish things
It is not possible that people doing noble things are really selfish because noble things aren't selfish in nature.
It is not possible that people doing noble things are really selfish because noble deeds are selfless.
It is not possible that spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year because spring festival is the lunar festival
It is not possible that spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year because solar calendar new year wouldn't be in spring.
It is not possible that spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year because the new year on a solar calendar is not celebrated by a spring festival.
It is not possible that after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank because we can keep credit cards when we owe the bank
It is not possible that after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank because receiving a loan from a bank does not require a return of a credit card.
It is not possible that after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank because the credit card doesn't need to be given to the bank.
It is not possible that i always carry my desktop pc with me because desktop pc is too heavy to be carried around
It is not possible that i always carry my desktop pc with me because a desktop pc is not portable.
It is not possible that i always carry my desktop pc with me because there is no way to load a desktop because it is too large and unfeasible
It is not possible that nike printed the prices on the clothes because clothes' prices are printed on the price cards
It is not possible that nike printed the prices on the clothes because nike wouldn't print their prices on clothes.
It is not possible that nike printed the prices on the clothes because prices of clothes are printed on a tag that hangs on clothes.
It is not possible that i took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time because a photo can only record one moment of an action
It is not possible that i took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time because taking one photo does not record an entire process.
It is not possible that i took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time because when you record something it would usually be in video or audio format.
It is not possible that doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized because doctors need to be recognized by their patients
It is not possible that doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized because doctor masks dont cover the entire face
It is not possible that doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized because doctors wear masks to prevent the spread of germs.
It is not possible that i have more and more black hair as i get older because people will have less and whiter hair when they are old
It is not possible that i have more and more black hair as i get older because as we age, our hair turns grey.
It is not possible that i have more and more black hair as i get older because as you get older, white hair appears
It is not possible that believers have ever really heard or seen god because god doesn't exist actually
It is not possible that believers have ever really heard or seen god because noone has ever seen god
It is not possible that believers have ever really heard or seen god because you don't have to see or hear a god to believe in god.
It is not possible that wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings because slippers are too informal for weddings
It is not possible that wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings because slippers aren't worn to weddings.
It is not possible that wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings because the good choice for weddings are shoes
It is not possible that grasshoppers can be a water source because grasshoppers contain little water
It is not possible that grasshoppers can be a water source because grasshoppers are small insects, they wouldn't be a good source of water
It is not possible that grasshoppers can be a water source because grasshoppers are insects and aren't a source of water.
It is not possible that a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days because you will get wet in open air park on rainy days
It is not possible that a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days because an open air park is wet on a rainy day.
It is not possible that a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days because you would not want to stay in a rainy park.
It is not possible that most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt because soil on the earth's surface is less than water
It is not possible that most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt because most of earth's surface is covered by water.
It is not possible that most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt because most of the surface is covered by water.
It is not possible that students attend concerts to further their education because most students can't be educated at the concert
It is not possible that students attend concerts to further their education because concerts are entertainment and not a typical form of education.
It is not possible that students attend concerts to further their education because attending concerts does not help students with their education.
It is not possible that language is the only way to communicate for human beings because people can communicate in many other ways
It is not possible that language is the only way to communicate for human beings because there are different ways for humans to communicate besides language.
It is not possible that language is the only way to communicate for human beings because no, because there are several ways to communicate. for signs, photos, music and etc.
It is not possible that language remains unchanged as time goes by because languages will change to adapt to changes in the world
It is not possible that language remains unchanged as time goes by because language keeps changing everyday
It is not possible that language remains unchanged as time goes by because language changes over time.
It is not possible that a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter because coffee can't improve intelligence
It is not possible that a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter because coffee is a stimulant but doesn't make you smarter.
It is not possible that a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter because a morning cup of coffee does not increase intelligence.
It is not possible that i pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up because bicycles don't have accelerators
It is not possible that i pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up because bikes don't have accelerators
It is not possible that i pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up because bicycles are not motorized.
It is not possible that i ate iron to end my hunger pains because humans can't eat iron
It is not possible that i ate iron to end my hunger pains because pains cannot be stopped by eating iron as it is to be stopped by haivng pain killer
It is not possible that i ate iron to end my hunger pains because iron is not a food or drink
It is not possible that the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot because parking lot is used to park cars
It is not possible that the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot because the plane cannot be landed in the parking lot as it is bigger.
It is not possible that the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot because planes dont land in parking lots
It is not possible that in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt because muscles develop very slowly in old age
It is not possible that in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt because our bodies do not improve with age.
It is not possible that in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt because muscles experience a growth spurt in youth, not old age.
It is not possible that animals develop from seeds because animals develop from eggs
It is not possible that animals develop from seeds because animals develop from embryos.
It is not possible that animals develop from seeds because different types of plants are the only things that grow from seeds.
It is not possible that washing your car is for keeping it fast because car speed has nothing to do with its cleanliness
It is not possible that washing your car is for keeping it fast because washing your car has no effect on the speed it can travel.
It is not possible that washing your car is for keeping it fast because a clean car has nothing to do with how fast it is"hitid
It is not possible that people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean because cleaning toothbrush doesn't need toothpaste
It is not possible that people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean because toothpaste was invented to keep teeth clean
It is not possible that people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean because toothpaste cleans teeth not the toothbrush.
It is not possible that you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money because drinks in vending machines are not free
It is not possible that you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money because vending machines accepts money then only you can buy
It is not possible that you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money because you have to pay money to buy a drink from a vending machine
It is not possible that movie stars often photograph others in public because it's weird for stars to photograph others
It is not possible that movie stars often photograph others in public because movie stars are the ones getting photographed.
It is not possible that movie stars often photograph others in public because movie stars are the ones being photographed in public
It is not possible that it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed because a funny joke should make people laugh
It is not possible that it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed because people only laugh when something is funny.
It is not possible that it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed because jokes are only funny when people laugh.
It is not possible that you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool because sharks don't live in the swimming pool
It is not possible that you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool because there are no sharks in swimming pools
It is not possible that you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool because sharks can't live in pools.
It is not possible that i finished my work while i going to sleep because people can't do anything else when they are sleeping
It is not possible that i finished my work while i going to sleep because hmm while going to sleep you cannot do work and sentence is crammatically incorrect
It is not possible that i finished my work while i going to sleep because you can't work while asleep.
It is not possible that i can't afford the flight ticket from china to the us, so i decided to walk because the distance between china and america is too long to walk
It is not possible that i can't afford the flight ticket from china to the us, so i decided to walk because you can't walk from china to america, it's not possible
It is not possible that i can't afford the flight ticket from china to the us, so i decided to walk because to travel from china to the us you have to swim, you can't walk
It is not possible that animals in the acrobatic troupe receive wages every day because money is useless to animals
It is not possible that animals in the acrobatic troupe receive wages every day because animals don't need money.
It is not possible that animals in the acrobatic troupe receive wages every day because animal owners will receive wages not animals
It is not possible that teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork because everyone on the team needs to take on the work
It is not possible that teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork because teammates also want to win independently.
It is not possible that teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork because teammates usually don't encourage each other.
It is not possible that the teacher was very cheerful that i was late for school again and again because being late for school is a violation of regulations
It is not possible that the teacher was very cheerful that i was late for school again and again because being late is not a good thing.
It is not possible that the teacher was very cheerful that i was late for school again and again because teachers aren't happy when you are always late for school
It is not possible that girls wear skirts in winter for warmth because skirts are inefficient in keeping warm
It is not possible that girls wear skirts in winter for warmth because skirts do not warm
It is not possible that girls wear skirts in winter for warmth because skirts do not keep legs warm in the winter.
It is not possible that driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home because most people don't have big enough houses to drive a car
It is not possible that driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home because you don't drive a car at home.
It is not possible that driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home because there is no possible to drive the car inside the room
It is not possible that he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match because hands can't touch the ball in a soccer match
It is not possible that he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match because soccer will not play with hand
It is not possible that he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match because you do not use hands in soccer.
It is not possible that we built street lamps to provide a personal service because street lamps light for everyone
It is not possible that we built street lamps to provide a personal service because street lamps are a service to the community.
It is not possible that we built street lamps to provide a personal service because building street lamps is a public service.
It is not possible that crops can't live without farmers because plants can grow on their own without human intervention
It is not possible that crops can't live without farmers because crops can survive by themselves.
It is not possible that crops can't live without farmers because crops can't live without water not farmers
It is not possible that i was very scared to see old friends abroad because seeing old friends is a happy thing
It is not possible that i was very scared to see old friends abroad because it is not a scary thing to see friends abroad.
It is not possible that i was very scared to see old friends abroad because there is no meaning of scare by seeing friends
It is not possible that alice broke down when the situation was hopeful because people don't need to feel upset in a hopeful situation
It is not possible that alice broke down when the situation was hopeful because there is no reason to break down.
It is not possible that alice broke down when the situation was hopeful because hopefulness would not inspire a breakdown.
It is not possible that ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer because it is too cold to eat ice cream in winter
It is not possible that ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer because more people eat ice cream in hot weather.
It is not possible that ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer because summer is the time for ice cream because it's hot, winter is too cold for ice cream
It is not possible that my boss checks read messages carefully every day because read messages are messages that have already been checked before
It is not possible that my boss checks read messages carefully every day because he has no reason to check them if they have already been read.
It is not possible that my boss checks read messages carefully every day because messages already read can also be skimmed
It is not possible that we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease because vaccine can only prevent disease
It is not possible that we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease because you get vaccinated for the disease, not the cure of the disease.
It is not possible that we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease because vaccines aren't cures.
It is not possible that i bought a pan for drinking fresh juice because the pan can't squeeze the juice contained in the fruit
It is not possible that i bought a pan for drinking fresh juice because juice can be drink from glass
It is not possible that i bought a pan for drinking fresh juice because fresh juice is consumed using a cup.
It is not possible that taking summer vacation caused lots of stress because taking a vacation is very relaxing
It is not possible that taking summer vacation caused lots of stress because summer vacation takes stress away not adds to it
It is not possible that taking summer vacation caused lots of stress because summer vacation is relaxing.
It is not possible that disguise can lead you to the answer because disguise covers up the answer
It is not possible that disguise can lead you to the answer because disguises are used to conceal information/identity.
It is not possible that disguise can lead you to the answer because disguise only helps to keep people from identifying you
It is not possible that you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe because recipes can only increase your chances of cooking food well
It is not possible that you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe because following a recipe is not cooking it is preparing.
It is not possible that you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe because yes but you need to have basic knowledge because every small thing will not be given in the recipe
It is not possible that the company hired more employees because of continued losses because hiring employees will increase the company's losses
It is not possible that the company hired more employees because of continued losses because more employees costs more.
It is not possible that the company hired more employees because of continued losses because company losses would not enable it to hire more employees.
It is not possible that the blind man can't hear me yelling because blind men can't see but they can hear the sound
It is not possible that the blind man can't hear me yelling because most blind people can still hear.
It is not possible that the blind man can't hear me yelling because blind means can't see not can't hear
It is not possible that i'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars because clouds will block the sight of observation of the stars
It is not possible that i'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars because clouds block the stars.
It is not possible that i'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars because one cannot see stars in cloudy sky
It is not possible that building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps because baseball caps are useless in protection of the head
It is not possible that building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps because baseball caps do nothing to prevent injury.
It is not possible that building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps because baseball caps don't protect your head.
It is not possible that buying presents requires love or money because you can't buy presents without money
It is not possible that buying presents requires love or money because buying anything requires money
It is not possible that buying presents requires love or money because you don't have to buy presents.
It is not possible that going to the zoo is for being seen because zoo visitors' attention is all on the animals
It is not possible that going to the zoo is for being seen because going to the zoo is for looking at animals.
It is not possible that going to the zoo is for being seen because going to a zoo is to look at other things.
It is not possible that the horses water the cowboy everyday because cowboys can drink water by themselves
It is not possible that the horses water the cowboy everyday because cowboy should water the horses
It is not possible that the horses water the cowboy everyday because cowboy will water horses
It is not possible that people expect boredom when they go to the cinema because people go to the cinema for fun
It is not possible that people expect boredom when they go to the cinema because you go see a movie for fun.
It is not possible that people expect boredom when they go to the cinema because people expect to entertained when going to the cinema
It is not possible that bob sang a picture yesterday because only songs can be sung
It is not possible that bob sang a picture yesterday because pictures are visual and singing is auditory, both stimuli use different sensory modalities
It is not possible that bob sang a picture yesterday because pictures can be drawn and not sang
It is not possible that paying by credit card is for not paying money because the price doesn't change when you pay by credit card
It is not possible that paying by credit card is for not paying money because you eventually have to pay the money you temporarily put on a credit card back.
It is not possible that paying by credit card is for not paying money because pay by card is pay with virtual money
It is not possible that you need a dog if you want to share your story because dogs can't understand what humans say
It is not possible that you need a dog if you want to share your story because animals do not aid in the ability to converse with others.
It is not possible that you need a dog if you want to share your story because a dog is not necessary to share one's story.
It is not possible that the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins because drinking before the game will make the player performs worse
It is not possible that the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins because alcohol decreases player performance and reaction abilities
It is not possible that the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins because players aren't allowed to drink alcohol before a game
It is not possible that i need to say goodbye to people on tv when i finish watching the tv show because people on tv can't communicate with the audience
It is not possible that i need to say goodbye to people on tv when i finish watching the tv show because they won't be able to hear you.
It is not possible that i need to say goodbye to people on tv when i finish watching the tv show because people on the tv can't hear you.
It is not possible that goods can be transported by wind because humans can't control the wind to transport goods
It is not possible that goods can be transported by wind because goods are too heavy for wind.
It is not possible that goods can be transported by wind because wind cannot transport goods effectively.
It is not possible that the ship hit the train yesterday because ships move in the water while the train moves in the land
It is not possible that the ship hit the train yesterday because a ship in water cannot impact a train on land.
It is not possible that the ship hit the train yesterday because ships are on water, trains on land
It is not possible that i can lift the gym easily because a gym is too heavy for humans to lift
It is not possible that i can lift the gym easily because you can lift at the gym but you can't physically life the gym
It is not possible that i can lift the gym easily because a gym cannot be lifted by a person.
It is not possible that meeting my friends is for business because friends aren't those doing business with you
It is not possible that meeting my friends is for business because meeting friends should be for fun, not business.
It is not possible that meeting my friends is for business because business meetings are with partners/associates.
It is not possible that when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others because you don't own the thing you borrowed
It is not possible that when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others because you can't sell a car you've borrowed.
It is not possible that when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others because you can't sell a car you don't own
It is not possible that i had plastic surgery in the pharmacy because the pharmacy doesn't have equipment to do surgery
It is not possible that i had plastic surgery in the pharmacy because plastic surgeries are done in hospital not in pharmacy
It is not possible that i had plastic surgery in the pharmacy because a pharmacy does not offer plastic surgery.
It is not possible that fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard because losing fingers is not a fortunate thing
It is not possible that fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard because losing fingers is not a good thing.
It is not possible that fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard because anybody wont lost fingers by working hard
It is not possible that couples would divorce if they believed each other because couples believed each other would continue to live together
It is not possible that couples would divorce if they believed each other because if they believe each other they will understand each other
It is not possible that couples would divorce if they believed each other because couples don't divorce if they believe each other.
It is not possible that the weather can be either sweet or salt in china because the weather can't be tasted
It is not possible that the weather can be either sweet or salt in china because we cant judge weather by taste
It is not possible that the weather can be either sweet or salt in china because weather is not sweet or salty.
It is not possible that adults change clothes according to their height every day because the height of an adult basically doesn't change
It is not possible that adults change clothes according to their height every day because people change clothes so they don't stink.
It is not possible that adults change clothes according to their height every day because height is relatively stable and does not fluctuate on a daily basis
It is not possible that you can use a link to write things because link is not a material object and can't be touched
It is not possible that you can use a link to write things because we can not use a link only for writing it also used for reading also
It is not possible that you can use a link to write things because links don't write
It is not possible that museum exhibits artifacts for sale because nobody can buy artifacts in the museum
It is not possible that museum exhibits artifacts for sale because museums do not sell artifacts.
It is not possible that museum exhibits artifacts for sale because artifacts are not for sale in museums, only for display/viewing
It is not possible that the alarm ringing announced that the class was over because the alarm ringing announces emergency
It is not possible that the alarm ringing announced that the class was over because bells announce class is over, alarms are more serious to alert people of danger.
It is not possible that the alarm ringing announced that the class was over because the alarm wakes you up, and you must not sleep during classes, a bell would ring when the class is over
It is not possible that you can use money to buy some health to live longer because health can't be bought
It is not possible that you can use money to buy some health to live longer because unfortunately you cannot buy health
It is not possible that you can use money to buy some health to live longer because you cannot buy health.
It is not possible that studying requires violence because violence can't help you learn knowledge
It is not possible that studying requires violence because violence is not necessary during studying.
It is not possible that studying requires violence because studying requires learning, memory and repetition to recall information at a later time, which does not require violence.
It is not possible that we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class because atoms are so small that it's impossible to see them by using optical microscopes
It is not possible that we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class because atoms are not visible with optical microscopes.
It is not possible that we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class because optical microscopes are for the eyes.
It is not possible that designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show because the fashion show is held to exhibit the latest achievements
It is not possible that designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show because fashion shows are to show off new designs
It is not possible that designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show because designers show new clothes at fashion shows, not outdated fashions.
It is not possible that the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus because drivers need to sit in their seat to drive the bus
It is not possible that the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus because the driver can't offer his seat he needs it to drive
It is not possible that the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus because the driver cannot let other people drive.
It is not possible that i jumped into the fire to cool myself because the fire is too hot to cool anything
It is not possible that i jumped into the fire to cool myself because fire is hot, it won't cool you down.
It is not possible that i jumped into the fire to cool myself because fire is hot so you wouldn't jump in it to cool yourself off
It is not possible that my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product because humans can't be sold
It is not possible that my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product because you cannot sell humans.
It is not possible that my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product because products are sold, not salesmen
It is not possible that i washed my computers twice a week because computers will be damaged if they are washed
It is not possible that i washed my computers twice a week because washing a computer would break it
It is not possible that i washed my computers twice a week because computers would not work after being washed even once
It is not possible that i used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard because mountains are much more higher than cupboards
It is not possible that i used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard because the two things are unrelated.
It is not possible that i used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard because a mountain cannot be used to reach things that are higher, especially not in a kitchen
It is not possible that a wall is the entrance of a house because people can't go through the wall
It is not possible that a wall is the entrance of a house because no one will built a wall in the entrance of the house
It is not possible that a wall is the entrance of a house because a wall is for decorating your house, a door is for the entrance
It is not possible that we built a factory to produce creative ideas because good ideas can only come out from your mind
It is not possible that we built a factory to produce creative ideas because a factory does not manufacture creative ideas.
It is not possible that we built a factory to produce creative ideas because factories make goods not ideas
It is not possible that we use the microscope to learn about the universe because the microscope is used to magnify tiny things
It is not possible that we use the microscope to learn about the universe because microscopes are not telescopes.
It is not possible that we use the microscope to learn about the universe because learning universe using microscope is idiotic
It is not possible that we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane because passengers will die if they sit outside the plane
It is not possible that we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane because there are no seats in the wings of airplanes.
It is not possible that we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane because there are no seats on the wings of planes
It is not possible that when a relative dies, we held a party for him because party is held to celebrate happy things
It is not possible that when a relative dies, we held a party for him because you don't have parties for dead people.
It is not possible that when a relative dies, we held a party for him because a relative's death does not result in a party for the dead person.
It is not possible that a bed can rest a pillow because pillows don't have lives and can't feel rest
It is not possible that a bed can rest a pillow because the pillow is too little and bed does not rest as it is not to be live
It is not possible that a bed can rest a pillow because beds do not rest on pillows, it is the opposite.
It is not possible that children will praise parents when kids did something well because the person being praised should be the one who did the good thing
It is not possible that children will praise parents when kids did something well because the children are praising the parents for something the kids not the parents did
It is not possible that children will praise parents when kids did something well because parents praise children when they do something well, not the other way around
It is not possible that professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs because football players kick footballs but don't sell them
It is not possible that professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs because no players play soccer
It is not possible that professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs because soccer players don't sell items.
It is not possible that animals are pets because many animals haven't been tamed
It is not possible that animals are pets because animals belong in nature.
It is not possible that animals are pets because not all animals are pets.
It is not possible that we grow christmas trees in december every year because christmas trees are artificial products
It is not possible that we grow christmas trees in december every year because a tree takes a very long time to grow.
It is not possible that we grow christmas trees in december every year because christmas trees are grown year round.
It is not possible that sun bathing removes dirt from the body because sun bathing can't make things cleaner
It is not possible that sun bathing removes dirt from the body because only bathing can remove dirt from the body.
It is not possible that sun bathing removes dirt from the body because sun bathing does not get a body clean.
It is not possible that i bought a ticket for the taxi i took because taking a taxi doesn't require tickets
It is not possible that i bought a ticket for the taxi i took because no tickets were collects for taxi
It is not possible that i bought a ticket for the taxi i took because you cannot purchase tickets for a taxi.
It is not possible that he was fined for smoking in his home because people have the freedom to smoke in their home
It is not possible that he was fined for smoking in his home because smoking inside your home is not an offence
It is not possible that he was fined for smoking in his home because it is not illegal to smoke on ones own property.
It is not possible that we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking because notes taken in the class record what the teachers said
It is not possible that we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking because notes are taken to remember verbal information spoken by another person.
It is not possible that we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking because usually you take notes in class to write down what the teacher said
It is not possible that i want to find a noisy place to have a sleep because it's difficult to fall asleep in a noisy place
It is not possible that i want to find a noisy place to have a sleep because it is hard to sleep in noisy places.
It is not possible that i want to find a noisy place to have a sleep because we can not sleep in noisy place
It is not possible that people open their doors when they go out of the home because things in an opening house are easy to be stolen
It is not possible that people open their doors when they go out of the home because people close doors when leaving.
It is not possible that people open their doors when they go out of the home because people usually close the door when they go out
It is not possible that people can chat with the dead because dead people can't hear and talk
It is not possible that people can chat with the dead because no one can chat with dead
It is not possible that people can chat with the dead because bodies are disposed of via burning or burying after death.
It is not possible that sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes because there are no sweat glands in the eyes
It is not possible that sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes because sweat isn't secreted through the eyes.
It is not possible that sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes because sand does not make you sweat.
It is not possible that people usually put curtains on the walls because walls are usually opaque
It is not possible that people usually put curtains on the walls because curtains usually go on windows
It is not possible that people usually put curtains on the walls because curtains go on windows.
It is not possible that people usually roast meat with cold water because people need high temperature to roast meat
It is not possible that people usually roast meat with cold water because cold water does not cook meat.
It is not possible that people usually roast meat with cold water because roasting requires heat and no water, by definition.
It is not possible that people usually enter the park from the fence because people shouldn't go through the fence
It is not possible that people usually enter the park from the fence because parks have entries, fences are for keeping that path blocked
It is not possible that people usually enter the park from the fence because parks usually aren't blocked by fences.
It is not possible that people usually like to wear oversize clothes because wearing oversize clothes makes people uncomfortable
It is not possible that people usually like to wear oversize clothes because no one wish to wear a oversize clothes
It is not possible that people usually like to wear oversize clothes because oversize cloths don't fit
It is not possible that people should break the contract because those who break the contract will be punished
It is not possible that people should break the contract because breaking contracts is not legal.
It is not possible that people should break the contract because this is against common sense because of the legal consequences in breaking a contract.
It is not possible that rats can't bite wood furniture because rat's teeth are harder than wood
It is not possible that rats can't bite wood furniture because sure can rats bite furniture
It is not possible that rats can't bite wood furniture because rats have sharp teeth that can penetrate most materials.
It is not possible that sheep usually like wolves because wolves eat sheep
It is not possible that sheep usually like wolves because sheep and wolves are enemies
It is not possible that sheep usually like wolves because wolves eat sheep
It is not possible that college students usually learn the same courses because college students have different majors
It is not possible that college students usually learn the same courses because that is not true, college is no school
It is not possible that college students usually learn the same courses because different fields require different knowledge
It is not possible that eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy because instant noodles are junk food
It is not possible that eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy because eating a lot of anything is not healthy, noodles are nothing but carbs
It is not possible that eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy because instant noodles have very little nutritional value.
It is not possible that programmers usually don't use computers because programmers need computers to programme
It is not possible that programmers usually don't use computers because programmers always use computers.
It is not possible that programmers usually don't use computers because computers are used for programming
It is not possible that if you fail the exam you should cheat next time because cheating is bad and prohibited
It is not possible that if you fail the exam you should cheat next time because cheating is not acceptable.
It is not possible that if you fail the exam you should cheat next time because if your caught cheating you don't pass and usually cannot retake the exam.
It is not possible that i should indulge myself when i fail because weakness is not good quality
It is not possible that i should indulge myself when i fail because you will fail again if you indulge
It is not possible that i should indulge myself when i fail because failure is not a reason to indulge.
It is not possible that mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me because human rarely eats the tiger meat
It is not possible that mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me because tiger meat is not for sale or available to buy in stores.
It is not possible that mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me because tiger meat is not sold at grocery stores
It is not possible that sprinters' arms are usually strong because what is used in the sprint are legs instead of arms
It is not possible that sprinters' arms are usually strong because sprinters don't use their arms, but their legs.
It is not possible that sprinters' arms are usually strong because sprinters require strong legs, not necessarily strong arms.
It is not possible that i can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes because formal clothes are not designed for sports at all
It is not possible that i can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes because you don't play soccer in formal clothes.
It is not possible that i can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes because formal clothes are too physically restrictive to play sports in.
It is not possible that we can travel on the sea by train because the train can't float on water
It is not possible that we can travel on the sea by train because train needs rails and cannot run on water
It is not possible that we can travel on the sea by train because trains require tracks on land to operate.
It is not possible that pigs' eggs are delicious because pigs are mammals
It is not possible that pigs' eggs are delicious because pigs don't lay eggs
It is not possible that pigs' eggs are delicious because pigs do not lay eggs.
It is not possible that we can eat noodles with knives because we can't access noddles from bows by knives conveniently
It is not possible that we can eat noodles with knives because noodles can eat with forks
It is not possible that we can eat noodles with knives because noodles are to long to pick up with knives
It is not possible that birds' milk is nutrient because birds are not mammals
It is not possible that birds' milk is nutrient because bird don't produce milk
It is not possible that birds' milk is nutrient because birds are not mammals, only mammals have milk
It is not possible that people can make wires from plastics because plastics cannot conduct electricity
It is not possible that people can make wires from plastics because wires are made from metals
It is not possible that people can make wires from plastics because wires are not made from plastic but metal
It is not possible that people can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future because the future is unpredictable
It is not possible that people can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future because news papers don't predict the future.
It is not possible that people can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future because newspapers tell you what's happening right now, they don't tell you the future
It is not possible that people should rub water on their skin before giving an injection because water cannot disinfect the skin
It is not possible that people should rub water on their skin before giving an injection because rubbing water on your own skin does nothing for the person whom you're giving the injection to.
It is not possible that people should rub water on their skin before giving an injection because alcohol should be used to sterilize skin before a shot, not water.
It is not possible that something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting because it's too bumpy to draw paintings on a bus
It is not possible that something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting because oil paintings are created with a paint brush, drawings are created with writting utensils e.g. pencils
It is not possible that something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting because drawing while taking bus is not a good idea
It is not possible that she felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch because people usually don't feel hungry after just having a meal
It is not possible that she felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch because either hungry or satisfied
It is not possible that she felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch because one either feels satisfied, or still hungry, after eating lunch.
It is not possible that bob is cooking while eating dinner because people usually cannot cook and eat at the same time
It is not possible that bob is cooking while eating dinner because the right thing is to cook before dinner
It is not possible that bob is cooking while eating dinner because you cannot cook while eating
It is not possible that a person can survive a fall from a five-floor building because a human will not survive such a fall without any protection
It is not possible that a person can survive a fall from a five-floor building because people die when falling from such heights.
It is not possible that a person can survive a fall from a five-floor building because a five-story fall would not be survivable for human beings.
It is not possible that the longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days because a dog can't fly
It is not possible that the longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days because dogs don't fly.
It is not possible that the longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days because dogs can't fly
It is not possible that he caught a cold and had a cold shower because having a cold shower will worsen the cold
It is not possible that he caught a cold and had a cold shower because you would not take a cold shower if you have a cold.
It is not possible that he caught a cold and had a cold shower because cold showers would make the symptoms worse
It is not possible that humans smell through their ears because ears are for listening instead of smelling
It is not possible that humans smell through their ears because ears are for hearing.
It is not possible that humans smell through their ears because humans smell through their nose and hear with their ears
It is not possible that alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit because sleeping too much is unhealthy
It is not possible that alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit because sleeping doesn't make you fit, working out does
It is not possible that alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit because sleeping does not keep you fit.
It is not possible that it's summer and it's freezing cold outside because it's very hot in the summer
It is not possible that it's summer and it's freezing cold outside because it is hot during the summer.
It is not possible that it's summer and it's freezing cold outside because it's hot in the summer
It is not possible that frogs will die with enough water because frogs can live given enough water
It is not possible that frogs will die with enough water because frogs live most of their lives submerged in water.
It is not possible that frogs will die with enough water because frogs need water.
It is not possible that kate made books with a microwave oven because microwave ovens are used to heat food
It is not possible that kate made books with a microwave oven because microwave ovens only cook food not make books.
It is not possible that kate made books with a microwave oven because books would burn in the microwave
It is not possible that marry lit up rocks to make a campfire because rocks will not burn
It is not possible that marry lit up rocks to make a campfire because rocks don't catch fire
It is not possible that marry lit up rocks to make a campfire because you can't light rocks on fire.
It is not possible that barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day because an umbrella will keep you dry in the rain
It is not possible that barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day because an umbrella is used to keep you dry
It is not possible that barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day because you go under an umbrella to stay dry when it's raining
It is not possible that she goes skiing while watching tv because people usually cannot ski and watch tv at the same time
It is not possible that she goes skiing while watching tv because you cannot watch tv while going down a mountain.
It is not possible that she goes skiing while watching tv because skiing with a tv doesn't sound very probable
It is not possible that children in school use cameras for drawing because cameras are not for drawing pictures
It is not possible that children in school use cameras for drawing because cameras are for shooting pictures
It is not possible that children in school use cameras for drawing because you cannot draw with cameras.
It is not possible that wang is eating with poles because poles are too long to be used as a tableware
It is not possible that wang is eating with poles because poles are not to help eating, sticks are
It is not possible that wang is eating with poles because you cannot eat with poles.
It is not possible that dry towels need to hang up to dry because you don't need to dry towels that are already dry
It is not possible that dry towels need to hang up to dry because dry towels are already dry.
It is not possible that dry towels need to hang up to dry because dry towels do not need to dry.
It is not possible that resting is a good exercise because resting is not a kind of exercise
It is not possible that resting is a good exercise because resting is the opposite of exercise and does not involve physical activity.
It is not possible that resting is a good exercise because resting isn't exercise at all, resting is what you do after you exercise
It is not possible that computers and milk make a great dessert because computers are not desserts
It is not possible that computers and milk make a great dessert because desserts are sweet tasting, computers and milk are not
It is not possible that computers and milk make a great dessert because you can't eat computers.
It is not possible that a basket is for warmth because baskets cannot bring warmth to people
It is not possible that a basket is for warmth because baskets are usually made of plastic, which does not provide heat.
It is not possible that a basket is for warmth because a basket does not make you warm.
It is not possible that attending class is for playing because most students take classes to learn rather than play
It is not possible that attending class is for playing because you don't play in class, you learn.
It is not possible that attending class is for playing because you attend class to learn not to play.
It is not possible that he throws up when he eats nice food because people usually enjoy eating nice food
It is not possible that he throws up when he eats nice food because nice food wont make someone sick.
It is not possible that he throws up when he eats nice food because he wouldnt throw up food he doesn't like.
It is not possible that shoes are meant to protect hands because you wear shoes on your feet instead of your hands
It is not possible that shoes are meant to protect hands because shoes are for feet
It is not possible that shoes are meant to protect hands because shoes go on your feet.
It is not possible that most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees because it's very hot when it is above ninety degrees
It is not possible that most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees because 90 degrees is very hot weather.
It is not possible that most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees because when it's above ninety degrees, it's not cold out.
It is not possible that a piece of cake is used for writing because you cannot write on a cake
It is not possible that a piece of cake is used for writing because you can't write with cake.
It is not possible that a piece of cake is used for writing because you eat a piece of cake, you can't write with it
It is not possible that amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness because people usually don't feel angry when they hear good news
It is not possible that amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness because amy should be happy if her friend is recovered.
It is not possible that amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness because one should want the best for one's friend
It is not possible that my jaw dropped open when i was unhappy because an unhappy person usually keeps his lips closed tightly
It is not possible that my jaw dropped open when i was unhappy because jaw drops in awe
It is not possible that my jaw dropped open when i was unhappy because jaw dropping facial expressions are in response to surprise or shocking emotions
It is not possible that the filthy car needs to be painted because it's improper to paint on dust and stains
It is not possible that the filthy car needs to be painted because cars are cleaned before painting to avoid paint defects
It is not possible that the filthy car needs to be painted because dirty cars simply need to be washed.
It is not possible that my friend paid for my ticket so i didn't get on the bus because a ticket is used to take a bus no matter who buys it
It is not possible that my friend paid for my ticket so i didn't get on the bus because why accept the ticket if you aren't getting on
It is not possible that my friend paid for my ticket so i didn't get on the bus because if someone else paid for your ticket, then you should have used the ticket and gotten on the bus.
It is not possible that dina visited her family because she distrusted them because people don't visit those they distrust
It is not possible that dina visited her family because she distrusted them because you don't visit people you don't trust.
It is not possible that dina visited her family because she distrusted them because you wouldn't visit someone that you do not trust.
It is not possible that the balloon expanded as he pricked it because if a balloon is pricked it will shrink immediately
It is not possible that the balloon expanded as he pricked it because pricking a balloon will pop it.
It is not possible that the balloon expanded as he pricked it because ballon will blast if it was pricked
It is not possible that maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation because quietness is a sign of dull conversation
It is not possible that maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation because you can't lighten the mood without talking.
It is not possible that maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation because being silent would not cheer up the mood of the conversation.
It is not possible that a hammer dropped on bill's foot and his finger was broken because a finger is a limb of a human hand
It is not possible that a hammer dropped on bill's foot and his finger was broken because his finger was not touched by the hammer.
It is not possible that a hammer dropped on bill's foot and his finger was broken because the hammer falling on his foot has nothing to do with his finger getting broken
It is not possible that the clothes are still dirty because i forgot to add laundry water because the clothes can't be washed without water
It is not possible that the clothes are still dirty because i forgot to add laundry water because laundry detergent gets clothes clean, not laundry water.
It is not possible that the clothes are still dirty because i forgot to add laundry water because laundry water does not clean clothes
It is not possible that air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it because a picture has nothing to do with air tightness in a ball
It is not possible that air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it because a picture can't make a beach ball leak air
It is not possible that air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it because air escapes a beach ball due to a hole or compromise in the ball's material/structural integrity.
It is not possible that the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined because a conversation is usually more active with more people
It is not possible that the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined because if more people joined it would be louder because of more contributors.
It is not possible that the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined because conversation between more people will be more noise
It is not possible that julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music because music is usually composed of several different sounds
It is not possible that julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music because one key is not music.
It is not possible that julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music because a single piano key will not make music.
It is not possible that vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days because vehicles have lights for cloudy days
It is not possible that vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days because clouds do not affect road conditions.
It is not possible that vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days because vehicles travel at the same speed on cloudy days.
It is not possible that lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined because the change of human figure reflects on the size of the clothes
It is not possible that lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined because having ones shoes shined would not change lauren's weight.
It is not possible that lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined because shoes have nothing to do with weight.
It is not possible that the clouds were getting darker so i brought my laptop to work because darker clouds is a forecast of rain
It is not possible that the clouds were getting darker so i brought my laptop to work because the clouds have no affect on technology.
It is not possible that the clouds were getting darker so i brought my laptop to work because these two sentences are totally unrelated
It is not possible that the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant because to hold the soap relies on the texture of his hand and the soap
It is not possible that the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant because people lose hold of soap due to its slipperiness, regardless of how it smells.
It is not possible that the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant because the fragrance of the soap should have no bearing on the boy's being able to hold on to it.
It is not possible that the button on my shirt fell off so i glued the button back on because glue is not an effective tool when it comes to cloth and button
It is not possible that the button on my shirt fell off so i glued the button back on because button needs to be stitched and not to be glued
It is not possible that the button on my shirt fell off so i glued the button back on because button to shirts will stiched not glued
It is not possible that the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition because a pair of sunglasses helps people disguise
It is not possible that the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition because sunglasses hide your face partially.
It is not possible that the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition because sunglasses hide faces
It is not possible that the leader received praise because he raised taxes because the increase of taxes usually dissatisfies the people
It is not possible that the leader received praise because he raised taxes because no one is ever happy about taxes being raised
It is not possible that the leader received praise because he raised taxes because no one likes taxes.
It is not possible that my mailbox was overflowing with letters when i went back after five minutes because people don't usually receive too many letters in five minutes
It is not possible that my mailbox was overflowing with letters when i went back after five minutes because mailbox will be in the same condition unless you clear it
It is not possible that my mailbox was overflowing with letters when i went back after five minutes because your mailbox does not overflow with letters after such a short amount of time.
It is not possible that the banana ripened so we threw them away because ripeness is a sign of being edible
It is not possible that the banana ripened so we threw them away because the sense in bananas is to eat them ripe
It is not possible that the banana ripened so we threw them away because you eat bananas when they ripen.
It is not possible that the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled because the dough is usually soft so it won't break in crumbles
It is not possible that the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled because pressing down on dough would flatten it not crumble it.
It is not possible that the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled because if its already a dough then it cannot be crumbled
It is not possible that my feet were blistered after a day of swimming because blister appears when two substances rub against each other
It is not possible that my feet were blistered after a day of swimming because swimming does not stress the feet.
It is not possible that my feet were blistered after a day of swimming because heat blisters skin not water unless it is boiling water.
It is not possible that her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna because the glass will be fogged up in warmer places
It is not possible that her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna because her eyeglasses should have already fogged up in the sauna
It is not possible that her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna because her glasses would be foggy while in the sauna.
It is not possible that he found the tv show boring so he recorded it because a record of a boring show is of no value
It is not possible that he found the tv show boring so he recorded it because no reason to record it if it was boring.
It is not possible that he found the tv show boring so he recorded it because if the show was boring he would not want to save it for viewing another time.
It is not possible that the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie because a comedy movie doesn't make people afraid of sleeping
It is not possible that the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie because a comedy shouldn't make you afraid to go to bed.  a horror movie would make you afraid to go to bed
It is not possible that the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie because comedy movies aren't scary.
It is not possible that the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital because the hospital is not a good place for learning medical knowledge
It is not possible that the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital because if she want to become doctor first she has to go to college
It is not possible that the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital because in order to become a doctor one needs to go to university
It is not possible that thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend because friends usually don't get revenge on each other
It is not possible that thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend because if someone is your friend, you wouldn't get revenge on them.
It is not possible that thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend because if he is friend then why he want to take revenge
It is not possible that the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close because people who sit close to each other don't necessarily look alike
It is not possible that the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close because just because someone sits close to someone does not mean they are related.
It is not possible that the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close because if they both were sitting beside then one should clearly see the difference
It is not possible that she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times because checking several times usually lower the error rate in the calculation
It is not possible that she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times because checking calculations several times would make sure they were error-free.
It is not possible that she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times because you cannot make an error in your work after having done it.
It is not possible that the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food because a hamburger is a major food in fast food
It is not possible that the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food because hamburger is fast food, so if she likes fast food, she won't decline a hamburger
It is not possible that the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food because she can't decline if she like fast food
It is not possible that miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor because to scrub the stain is to remove the dirt
It is not possible that miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor because after scrubbing the stain there will be no dirt
It is not possible that miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor because scrobbing means cleaning, not getting floor more dirty
It is not possible that the egg splattered after i boiled it because an egg will become solid if it's boiled
It is not possible that the egg splattered after i boiled it because the egg is no longer liquid.
It is not possible that the egg splattered after i boiled it because boiled eggs cannot splatter
It is not possible that a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in because if people crash a party they are usually without an invitation
It is not possible that a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in because party crashers would not be invited into a party.
It is not possible that a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in because you don't invite rude people to a party.
It is not possible that the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap because people take showers when they get dirt or sweat on their body but not when a new soap is opened
It is not possible that the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap because we can not bath to open a soap bar
It is not possible that the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap because you don't take a shower because you opened soap.
It is not possible that the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired because if the warranty of a laptop expires, the life of the laptop won't halt
It is not possible that the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired because the screen isn't linked to the warrenty
It is not possible that the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired because warranty will not cause technology to fail.
It is not possible that camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently because extra stress in work usually force people to switch to another career
It is not possible that camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently because undue stress would likely inspire someone to change their jobs.
It is not possible that camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently because it doesn't make sense to stay if it is causing stress.
It is not possible that the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen because sunscreen is to protect the swimmers from sunshine, it can do nothing to the ocean tide
It is not possible that the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen because sunscreen doesn't protect from drowning
It is not possible that the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen because the tide does not impact the strength of the sun.
It is not possible that minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist because a mental illness needs to be treated by a psychologist
It is not possible that minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist because people with mental illnesses see psychologists for treatment.
It is not possible that minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist because psycholgist should heal mental illnesses
It is not possible that the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game because an aggressive football coach loved to yell at his players to encourage them during the game
It is not possible that the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game because the coach is not yelling before the game.
It is not possible that the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game because a coach would be in trouble without his voice during a game.
It is not possible that i applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed because a cut needs a relatively long time to heal no matter what was applied
It is not possible that i applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed because what a miracle, wounds heal not instantly
It is not possible that i applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed because pressure does not heal wounds.
It is not possible that leo had an infection so she washed her hands because a pair of clean hands can't combat virus inside the human body
It is not possible that leo had an infection so she washed her hands because he should wash his hands first to prevent
It is not possible that leo had an infection so she washed her hands because dirty hands don't spread infections
It is not possible that the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new because a new air conditioner is for cooling down the air
It is not possible that the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new because the ac being new is irrelevant.
It is not possible that the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new because new air conditioners should function/operate correctly and do not require additional help to produce cooling
It is not possible that the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed because people clear their throats when they are going to make an important speech
It is not possible that the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed because there is no correlation.
It is not possible that the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed because the administrator wouldn't have cleared her throat because of a postponed meeting, it would be because of an internal problem in her body.
It is not possible that the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him because people usually don't feel good when then are kicked
It is not possible that the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him because laughing is not a typical reaction from getting kicked.
It is not possible that the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him because get kicked hurts it's not funny
It is not possible that the dj turned the music on and everyone left the party because the music in a party means it's not over yet
It is not possible that the dj turned the music on and everyone left the party because turing on the music starts the party
It is not possible that the dj turned the music on and everyone left the party because party start when the dj turned on.
It is not possible that i need some cash so i went to the wallet store because wallet stores don't sell wallets with cash in it
It is not possible that i need some cash so i went to the wallet store because you can't get cash from a wallet store
It is not possible that i need some cash so i went to the wallet store because wallet stores would sell wallets, not give you cash
It is not possible that the boy played computer games to be muscular because playing computer games doesn't help much in building muscles
It is not possible that the boy played computer games to be muscular because you don't become muscular from computer games
It is not possible that the boy played computer games to be muscular because playing computer games is not an activity and would not make you muscular.
It is not possible that the milk stayed cold because i boiled it in the pot because to boil something is to provide extra heat
It is not possible that the milk stayed cold because i boiled it in the pot because the milk would be hot after boiling it in a pot
It is not possible that the milk stayed cold because i boiled it in the pot because boiling milk increases heat to 100 degrees centigrade
It is not possible that fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick because the temperature of the soup doesn't affect its thickness
It is not possible that fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick because ice cubes added to a soup would make it thinner.
It is not possible that fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick because soup is mostly water so it would not thicken with ice.
It is not possible that the bully mocked him and he got a black eye because to mock someone is to say something without physical contact
It is not possible that the bully mocked him and he got a black eye because the wrong person got the black eye.
It is not possible that the bully mocked him and he got a black eye because no contradiction
It is not possible that the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer because a gun can't shoot without ammunition
It is not possible that the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer because the hunter can't shoot with no ammo.
It is not possible that the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer because the hunter cannot fire a bullet so would have no purpose to aim at a target
It is not possible that the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious because people usually drink during eating to relieve special tastes
It is not possible that the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious because a delicious meal does not inspire a desire for water.
It is not possible that the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious because whether or not the food is good doesn't matter.
It is not possible that the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover because a deadly medical procedure is never allowed on a patient
It is not possible that the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover because deadly medical procedure is not acceptable
It is not possible that the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover because a deadly medical procedure would injure you not help you recover.
It is not possible that i feed my doll twice a day because my doll needs not eating
It is not possible that i feed my doll twice a day because dolls are toys and don't eat
It is not possible that i feed my doll twice a day because dolls do not eat.
It is not possible that jane carries her house upstairs because houses are too heavy for human beings to carry
It is not possible that jane carries her house upstairs because a house is much too heavy to lift, or carry.
It is not possible that jane carries her house upstairs because you can't physically carry a house
It is not possible that a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain because a cat is exposed to the rain above a car
It is not possible that a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain because you hide under things for shelter.
It is not possible that a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain because common sense tells you that a cat would hide under a car for shelter from the rain, not above a car.
It is not possible that she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person because a deaf person cannot hear a phone call
It is not possible that she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person because deaf people cannot hear verbal communication
It is not possible that she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person because deaf persons lack the ability to hear.
It is not possible that sam was caught writing on a written examination because everybody writes on a written examination
It is not possible that sam was caught writing on a written examination because you are expected to write on a written exam.
It is not possible that sam was caught writing on a written examination because sam should be writing.
It is not possible that he wants to lose weight because he is too thin because losing weight when too thin is unhealthy
It is not possible that he wants to lose weight because he is too thin because if one is too thin, one needs to gain weight
It is not possible that he wants to lose weight because he is too thin because losing weight when you are thin is dangerous.
It is not possible that people go to see a doctor so they fall ill because a doctor is meant to cure diseases
It is not possible that people go to see a doctor so they fall ill because people go to the doctor to see why they are sick.
It is not possible that people go to see a doctor so they fall ill because doctors make you feel better.
It is not possible that if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant because the restaurant doesn't have the equipment for taking a shower
It is not possible that if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant because restaurants are where you go to eat, not shower
It is not possible that if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant because taking a shower has nothing to do with choosing a restaurant.
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose because cars can't work in water
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose because you cannot drive on a lake in a car, it would sink.
It is not possible that he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose because you can't drive a car on a lake.
It is not possible that she pours some mud to do the laundry because mud can only make clothes dirtier
It is not possible that she pours some mud to do the laundry because mud makes clothes dirty.
It is not possible that she pours some mud to do the laundry because mud makes clothes dirty, laundry is done to clean clothes
It is not possible that he reads bread at breakfast because bread has no words on it
It is not possible that he reads bread at breakfast because bread cannot be read
It is not possible that he reads bread at breakfast because bread cannot be read.
It is not possible that i take eight days off every week because there are only seven days in a week
It is not possible that i take eight days off every week because there are not eight days in a week.
It is not possible that i take eight days off every week because there are only seven days in a week
It is not possible that mary lives in a hospital during a business trip because a hospital is designed for patients
It is not possible that mary lives in a hospital during a business trip because you can't live in a hospital
It is not possible that mary lives in a hospital during a business trip because people don't live in a hospital during a business trip.
It is not possible that she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water because birds cannot live in the water
It is not possible that she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water because parrots have lungs and can't breathe under water
It is not possible that she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water because parrots cannot breathe under water
It is not possible that she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony because a nightgown is not for formal occasions
It is not possible that she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony because people don't wear nightgowns to ceremonies.
It is not possible that she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony because you don't wear nightgowns for a ceremony.
It is not possible that people use rabbits to carry heavy loads because rabbits are too small for heavy loads
It is not possible that people use rabbits to carry heavy loads because rabbits are too small for heavy loads
It is not possible that people use rabbits to carry heavy loads because rabbits can not carry heavy stuff.
It is not possible that he washes his clothes with a magic wand because magic doesn't exist in real world
It is not possible that he washes his clothes with a magic wand because magic wands are not real but are fictitious.
It is not possible that he washes his clothes with a magic wand because magic is not real.
It is not possible that jim downloads music from the book because books cannot transfer digital data
It is not possible that jim downloads music from the book because you can not download from a book
It is not possible that jim downloads music from the book because book is nota  electronic gadgets to download
It is not possible that their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday because a dragon doesn't exist in reality
It is not possible that their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday because dragons aren't real.
It is not possible that their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday because dragons are not real
It is not possible that she writes her letter with a bag because bags cannot make marks
It is not possible that she writes her letter with a bag because a letter can't be written using a bag.
It is not possible that she writes her letter with a bag because you cannot write anything with a bag.
It is not possible that he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg because an iceburg is not for eating
It is not possible that he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg because an iceberg is just water.
It is not possible that he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg because eating iceberg not going to help if you are hungry
It is not possible that he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper because no mountains are located on a piece of paper
It is not possible that he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper because a single piece of paper cannot be a mountain, it is flat and thin.
It is not possible that he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper because mountains don't fit on paper.
It is not possible that banana trees grow in the desert because deserts are too dry for banana trees to grow
It is not possible that banana trees grow in the desert because desert is too hot so banana trees not grown
It is not possible that banana trees grow in the desert because banana trees thrive in tropical environments.
It is not possible that he lit some salt to give light because salt is nonflammable
It is not possible that he lit some salt to give light because salt does not catch fire or retain a flame.
It is not possible that he lit some salt to give light because salt doesn't give light
It is not possible that we have lunch in the library because a library is not a place for meals
It is not possible that we have lunch in the library because library is food-free
It is not possible that we have lunch in the library because you do not eat food in the library.
It is not possible that rings protect people from the sun because rings cannot create shadows big enough for human beings to hide
It is not possible that rings protect people from the sun because rings cannot protect from sun
It is not possible that rings protect people from the sun because rings offer no protection.
It is not possible that jim wins the best singer award because of his acting skills because the best singer award is presented to a singer
It is not possible that jim wins the best singer award because of his acting skills because jim is an actor, not a singer.
It is not possible that jim wins the best singer award because of his acting skills because a best singer award would not go to an actor.
It is not possible that the accident happened because jack drank water before driving because water does not influence people's reaction speed
It is not possible that the accident happened because jack drank water before driving because water does not cause drunk driving.
It is not possible that the accident happened because jack drank water before driving because drinking water cannot cause vehicle accidents.
It is not possible that i pick a leaf from a goldfish because leaves grow on plants rather than animals
It is not possible that i pick a leaf from a goldfish because a leaf does not grow on a goldfish
It is not possible that i pick a leaf from a goldfish because goldfish do not have leaves.
It is not possible that i am learning french from my cat because a cat cannot speak french
It is not possible that i am learning french from my cat because cats do not speak any language.
It is not possible that i am learning french from my cat because cats can't talk.
It is not possible that india is a country in europe because india is located in asia
It is not possible that india is a country in europe because india is a country in asia.
It is not possible that india is a country in europe because india is located in asia.
It is not possible that you can ride from america to japan because japan is an island country
It is not possible that you can ride from america to japan because you cannot ride over the ocean.
It is not possible that you can ride from america to japan because you have to cross an ocean, this would need to be by boat or plane.
It is not possible that bob goes to work because he feels sleepy because bob cannot work efficiently when sleepy
It is not possible that bob goes to work because he feels sleepy because if he feel sleep he would sleep
It is not possible that bob goes to work because he feels sleepy because a person doesn't go to work because they are sleepy.
It is not possible that ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win because kicking the judge is against the rule
It is not possible that ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win because no body can kick the judge like ellen
It is not possible that ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win because kicking a judge will get you in trouble.
It is not possible that the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces because water is a kind of liquid
It is not possible that the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces because you cannot cut water with a shredder.
It is not possible that the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces because a cup of water cannot be cut into pieces.
It is not possible that she cleans her teeth with shampoo because shampoo is used to wash hair
It is not possible that she cleans her teeth with shampoo because you use toothpaste to clean your teeth.
It is not possible that she cleans her teeth with shampoo because shampoo is for hair
It is not possible that you can see a dinosaur in the zoo because a dinosaur is not an existing creature anymore
It is not possible that you can see a dinosaur in the zoo because dinosaurs are extinct.
It is not possible that you can see a dinosaur in the zoo because there are no dinosaurs left on planet earth
It is not possible that people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind because shoes are almost impossible to be blown away
It is not possible that people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind because shoes do not come off from wind
It is not possible that people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind because you wouldn't hold onto your shoes in the wind - maybe a hat
It is not possible that rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills because taking sleeping pills makes people sleep soundly
It is not possible that rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills because she should be going to sleep after taking sleeping pills
It is not possible that rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills because rebecca should be sleeping not waking up if taking sleeping pills.
It is not possible that people bleed when they feel hot because people only bleed when they are wounded
It is not possible that people bleed when they feel hot because people sweat when they feel hot.
It is not possible that people bleed when they feel hot because people bleed for any scraches not for hot feeling
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because kites need the power of wind to fly
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because you need wind to fly a kite.
It is not possible that kids fly kites in a windless day because kites only flies with the wind.
It is not possible that people get together to fight on christmas eve because christmas is a peaceful holiday to celebrate
It is not possible that people get together to fight on christmas eve because people gather to enjoy each other's company on christmas eve.
It is not possible that people get together to fight on christmas eve because christmas eve is to celebeate
It is not possible that jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee because a tea bag will produce a cup of tea, not a cup of coffee
It is not possible that jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee because tea bag makes tea not coffee.
It is not possible that jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee because a tea bag will make you a cup of tea and not a cup of coffee.
It is not possible that harry feels grieved seeing his old friends because meeting with friends usually makes a person happy
It is not possible that harry feels grieved seeing his old friends because harry feels happy seeing his old friends
It is not possible that harry feels grieved seeing his old friends because seeing old friends does not cause grief.
It is not possible that gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more because eating more will usually lead to putting on weight instead of losing weight
It is not possible that gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more because in order to lose weight we need to eat less, not more.
It is not possible that gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more because eating more gains weight
It is not possible that saying "hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home because "hello" is used at the time of greeting instead of leaving
It is not possible that saying "hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home because saying "bye", he walked out of the classroom and went home
It is not possible that saying "hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home because he would say goodbye if he were leaving.
It is not possible that danis put his smartphone into the washing machine because smartphone will break if washed by a washing machine
It is not possible that danis put his smartphone into the washing machine because washing machine is used to wash the clothes.
It is not possible that danis put his smartphone into the washing machine because he would not put a smartphone into the washing machine because the water would cause it to stop working.
It is not possible that bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall because water runs from high to low
It is not possible that bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall because you cannot take anything up a waterfall.
It is not possible that bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall because in waterfall we cannot use raft.
It is not possible that george put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth because a broom cannot be used to brush teeth
It is not possible that george put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth because a broom wouldn't fit in his mouth.
It is not possible that george put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth because a broom will not fit in a mouth.
It is not possible that i closed my mouth against the bright light because bright light is not harmful to mouth
It is not possible that i closed my mouth against the bright light because i closed my eyes against the bright light
It is not possible that i closed my mouth against the bright light because i closed my eyes against the bright light
It is not possible that my heart beats slower when i quicken my pace because moving faster usually results in a faster heartbeat
It is not possible that my heart beats slower when i quicken my pace because your heart beats faster when walking faster
It is not possible that my heart beats slower when i quicken my pace because my heart beats faster when i quicken my pace
It is not possible that bob plays basketball with his cute dog because dogs can't play basketball in most cases
It is not possible that bob plays basketball with his cute dog because dog cannot play basket ball
It is not possible that bob plays basketball with his cute dog because dog will not play basketball.
It is not possible that the cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm because a cat is warm has nothing to do with whether she sits on the blanket
It is not possible that the cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm because a blanket is used when it is too cold.
It is not possible that the cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm because cat sits on a blanket whe she is cold"hitid
It is not possible that frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water because cold water usually worsen the stomachache instead of alleviating it
It is not possible that frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water because warm water help sooth aches
It is not possible that frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water because he drank more hot water frank had s stomachache
It is not possible that eric told a lie and his mother praised him because telling lies is dishonorable
It is not possible that eric told a lie and his mother praised him because you do not praise a person who tells a lie.
It is not possible that eric told a lie and his mother praised him because eric's mother would be concerned if you told a lie.
It is not possible that henry flew to the usa sitting in a car because a car cannot fly at present
It is not possible that henry flew to the usa sitting in a car because because everyone who is educated knows that cars can't fly.
It is not possible that henry flew to the usa sitting in a car because cars do not fly
It is not possible that carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air because the window of the airplane is sealed and cannot be opened
It is not possible that carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air because carter opened the window of the bus to get some fresh air
It is not possible that carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air because the window of an airplane does not open.
It is not possible that on my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration because birthday cakes are foods instead of decorations
It is not possible that on my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration because on my birthday, we lighted up birthday candle for celebration
It is not possible that on my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration because cakes cannot be lighted
It is not possible that the solar system is located in earth because earth is a planet of the solar system
It is not possible that the solar system is located in earth because earth is not a solar system, it is part of it.
It is not possible that the solar system is located in earth because while earth is only the fifth largest planet in the solar system, it is the only world in our solar system with liquid water on the surface. just slightly larger than nearby venus, earth is the biggest of the four planets closest to the sun, all of which are made of rock and metal
It is not possible that when you smile at others, they will cry to you because people usually smile back at someone who smiles at them
It is not possible that when you smile at others, they will cry to you because smiling conveys happiness to other people, and happiness is often reciprocated.
It is not possible that when you smile at others, they will cry to you because a smile and a cry are two clear opposites and does not work together as a smile is always returned with a sile and not a cry.
It is not possible that his favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky because the sky is blue, not purple
It is not possible that his favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky because the sky isn't purple.
It is not possible that his favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky because purple is not sky color.
It is not possible that jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store because the hot dog is a kind of food served in a restaurant
It is not possible that jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store because a pet store don't sell hot dogs
It is not possible that jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store because pet stores don't sell hot dogs.
It is not possible that i dried my hair before using shampoo because when you use shampoo, you wet your hair first
It is not possible that i dried my hair before using shampoo because i did not dried my hair before using shampoo
It is not possible that i dried my hair before using shampoo because after watering my hair using only shampoo
It is not possible that she boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid because the egg will solidify after boiled
It is not possible that she boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid because after boiling an egg it turns hard
It is not possible that she boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid because a boiled egg is solid.
It is not possible that riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces because a steel cup is strong enough to survive a single fall
It is not possible that riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces because usually a cup don't made by steel.
It is not possible that riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces because riko  is not a drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces
It is not possible that human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged because human beings do not feed on ac power sources
It is not possible that human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged because human can not be plugged
It is not possible that human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged because humans can't be plugged then how the be out of power
It is not possible that she decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers because hamburgers are not healthy
It is not possible that she decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers because burgers are not healthy food
It is not possible that she decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers because hamburgers are not considered healthy food.
It is not possible that max stays close to the campfire to keep cool because fire will give out warmth instead of absorbing warmth
It is not possible that max stays close to the campfire to keep cool because campfires are hot so would not keep max cool
It is not possible that max stays close to the campfire to keep cool because being close to a campfire would make you warm because fire is hot.
It is not possible that chloe got concentrated when she was bored because people usually become distracted when they are bored
It is not possible that chloe got concentrated when she was bored because chloe get  concentrated when she was bored
It is not possible that chloe got concentrated when she was bored because boredom inspires restlessness, not concetration.
It is not possible that he got a cold and laughed from time to time because catching a cold will usually make people cough instead of laugh
It is not possible that he got a cold and laughed from time to time because if he had a cold, he probably felt terrible and wouldn't be laughing about it much
It is not possible that he got a cold and laughed from time to time because he's sick not cold hearted
It is not possible that mark ate a big bitter cherry pie because a cherry pie should be sweet
It is not possible that mark ate a big bitter cherry pie because cherry pies are sweet
It is not possible that mark ate a big bitter cherry pie because there's no bitter cherry pie.
It is not possible that gloria wears a cat on her head because a cat cannot be worn on a person's head
It is not possible that gloria wears a cat on her head because a cat cannot be worn as a cap
It is not possible that gloria wears a cat on her head because a cat is not a cap to wear on head, its an animal
It is not possible that harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired because a barbershop usually don't provide the service of repairing glasses
It is not possible that harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired because barbershop do not repair glasses.
It is not possible that harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired because barbershop is only use for hair cut nor for glasses repair
It is not possible that reilly is sleeping on the window because a person cannot sleep on a window
It is not possible that reilly is sleeping on the window because because she went in the train
It is not possible that reilly is sleeping on the window because reilly is on the window sleeping
It is not possible that i have a desk on my lamp because a desk is too big to be put on a lamp
It is not possible that i have a desk on my lamp because a desk would most likely crush a lamp.
It is not possible that i have a desk on my lamp because desk is bigger than lamp
